Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 12, 2018, RETC acquired all of the outstanding equity of E-motion from the E-motion Shareholders. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company is acquiring Ten Million (10,000,000) shares of E-motion, representing 100% of the issued and outstanding equity of E-motion, from the E-motion Shareholders and in exchange the Company shall issue to the E-motion Shareholders, One Million (1,000,000) common shares of RETC. As a result of the Share Exchange Agreement, E-motion became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and was placed as a subsidiary of the Companys wholly owned subsidiary 12 Retail Corporation.Other conditions of the acquisition of E-motion by the Company are:1) Existing management of E-Motion has been retained.1)Existing management of E-Motion has been retained.i. Hubert (Hub) Blanchette, Chief Executive Officer of E-motion is contractually retained by 12 ReTech for a minimum period of three years.i.Hubert (Hub) Blanchette, Chief Executive Officer of E-motion is contractually retained by 12 ReTech for a minimum period of three years.2) The Company is obligated to provide capital to E-motion of over a 2-year period as follows:2)The Company is obligated to provide capital to E-motion of over a 2-year period as follows:i. The Company will invest $50,000 within 60 days of completion of the acquisition for the purpose of moving the production facility to the lower cost location of Salt Lake City, Utah from Los Angeles, California. ii. The Company will invest an additional $150,000 during the first 12 months after completion of the acquisition to facilitate growth and this working capital will be primarily used for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management. iii. The Company is obligated to invest an additional $200,000 in the second year after completion of the acquisition and this working capital will be used primarily for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management.i.The Company will invest $50,000 within 60 days of completion of the acquisition for the purpose of moving the production facility to the lower cost location of Salt Lake City, Utah from Los Angeles, California.ii. The Company will invest an additional $150,000 during the first 12 months after completion of the acquisition to facilitate growth and this working capital will be primarily used for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management.ii.The Company will invest an additional $150,000 during the first 12 months after completion of the acquisition to facilitate growth and this working capital will be primarily used for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management.iii. The Company is obligated to invest an additional $200,000 in the second year after completion of the acquisition and this working capital will be used primarily for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management.iii.The Company is obligated to invest an additional $200,000 in the second year after completion of the acquisition and this working capital will be used primarily for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management.3) E-motion transaction compensation is earned by E-motion through the following performance metrics.3)E-motion transaction compensation is earned by E-motion through the following performance metrics.i. Six Hundred Thousand (600,000) of the One Million (1,000,000) common shares that the Company is paying for E-motion will be held in escrow pending release based on the operating results of E-Motion over the next two years as follows: ii. E-motion Shareholders will receive Two Hundred Thousand (200,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the first 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $1.4 million in gross revenues and $300 thousand in EBITDA. iii. E-motion Shareholders will receive Four Hundred Thousand (400,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the second 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $3.0 million in gross revenues and $750 thousand in EBITDA. iv. If the Company fails to make the investments referenced herein after approving its operating budget than the Escrow is canceled and the E-motion shareholders shall immediately receive all of the remaining shares held in escrow.i.Six Hundred Thousand (600,000) of the One Million (1,000,000) common shares that the Company is paying for E-motion will be held in escrow pending release based on the operating results of E-Motion over the next two years as follows:ii. E-motion Shareholders will receive Two Hundred Thousand (200,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the first 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $1.4 million in gross revenues and $300 thousand in EBITDA.ii.E-motion Shareholders will receive Two Hundred Thousand (200,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the first 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $1.4 million in gross revenues and $300 thousand in EBITDA.iii. E-motion Shareholders will receive Four Hundred Thousand (400,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the second 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $3.0 million in gross revenues and $750 thousand in EBITDA.iii.E-motion Shareholders will receive Four Hundred Thousand (400,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the second 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $3.0 million in gross revenues and $750 thousand in EBITDA.iv. If the Company fails to make the investments referenced herein after approving its operating budget than the Escrow is canceled and the E-motion shareholders shall immediately receive all of the remaining shares held in escrow.iv.If the Company fails to make the investments referenced herein after approving its operating budget than the Escrow is canceled and the E-motion shareholders shall immediately receive all of the remaining shares held in escrow.4) E-motion has a single item of material debt of $250,000 that carries a 2% annual interest rate with no fixed payments. The payments are based on 10% of quarterly sales. The term is 10 years (with almost 9 years remaining). 5) Assets of E-motion are customer lists and sales channels, good will, and various intellectual property including URLs and clothing proprietary patterns. E-motion owns inventory and various manufacturing equipment including sewing machines and fabric cutting machines that are valued at no more than $200,000 in aggregate.4)E-motion has a single item of material debt of $250,000 that carries a 2% annual interest rate with no fixed payments. The payments are based on 10% of quarterly sales. The term is 10 years (with almost 9 years remaining).5) Assets of E-motion are customer lists and sales channels, good will, and various intellectual property including URLs and clothing proprietary patterns. E-motion owns inventory and various manufacturing equipment including sewing machines and fabric cutting machines that are valued at no more than $200,000 in aggregate.5)Assets of E-motion are customer lists and sales channels, good will, and various intellectual property including URLs and clothing proprietary patterns. E-motion owns inventory and various manufacturing equipment including sewing machines and fabric cutting machines that are valued at no more than $200,000 in aggregate.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously disclosed, on September 13, 2017, AAC Healthcare Network, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Buyer) and wholly owned subsidiary of AAC Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Holdings), entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), by and among Buyer, Holdings, AdCare, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (AdCare), and AdCare Holding Trust, a Massachusetts business trust. AdCare and its subsidiaries offer treatment of drug and alcohol addiction and own, among other things, a 114-bed hospital and five outpatient centers in Massachusetts and a 59-bed residential treatment center and two outpatient centers in Rhode Island.On March 1, 2018 (the Closing Date), Buyer and Holdings completed the acquisition of AdCare and its subsidiaries (the AdCare Acquisition) for aggregate consideration of $85.0 million, subject to adjustments as set forth in the Purchase Agreement, comprised of (i) approximately $67.5 million in cash, excluding expenses and other adjustments, (ii) approximately $4.8 million in shares of Holdings common stock (the Common Shares) (or 562,051 shares at an average closing stock price of $8.57), (iii) a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of approximately $9.6 million (the Promissory Note), and (iv) contingent consideration of up to $3.1 million based on a specified adjusted EBITDA target over the 12 months following closing.The foregoing summary of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Purchase Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Holdings Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 13, 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 14, 2018, Acorn Energy, Inc. completed the sale of its remaining 41.15% interest in DSIT Solutions, Ltd. for $5.8 million, before fees and taxes, to joint purchasers Danbel Holdings Ltd. and M.N. Wasserman Ltd., both of which are Israeli corporations.


Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously announced, The AES Corporation (AES or the Company) entered into a share purchase agreement (the Agreement) with SMC Global Power Holdings Corp on December 17, 2017. On March 20, 2018, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement AES sold its entire 51% equity interest in the 630 MW Masinloc coal-fired power plant in operation, the 335 MW Masinloc 2 coal-fired power plant under construction and the 10 MW Masinloc energy storage project in operation (the Disposition). AES completed the sale for approximately $1.05 billion.Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The information under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.01COMPLETION OF DISPOSITION OF ASSETSOn January 26, 2018, AmBase's wholly owned subsidiary Maiden Lane Associates, Ltd. ("MLA") completed the previously announced sale of its 14,500 square foot office building at 100 Putnam Green, Greenwich, CT (the "Property") to Maria USA, Inc. an unaffiliated third party (the "Buyer"). The sale price was approximately $5,200,000, less normal real estate closing adjustments. A gain from the sale will be reflected in the Company's financial statements for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2018. The Company will use the sale proceeds to repay the existing working capital loan plus accrued interest of approximately $2.6 million, to Mr. Richard A. Banco, the Company's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. The remaining proceeds will be used for working capital.Item 8.01 OTHER EVENTS

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn December 29, 2017, the Company completed its previously announced acquisition of RSI pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger entered into by the Company, RSI, Alliance Merger Sub, Inc. and Ronald M. Simon, solely in his capacity as the Stockholder Representative, on November 30, 2017. As consideration for the acquisition, the Company issued 1,457,568 new shares of Company common stock (the Stock Consideration), paid approximately $354 million in net cash (the Cash Consideration) and assumed approximately $589 million of RSI debt. The Cash Consideration remains subject to certain customary post-closing working capital, indebtedness and seller expense true-ups. The Company funded a portion of the Cash Consideration with borrowings under the initial term loans and revolving loans in the amounts discussed in Item 1.01 above. The Company funded the remaining portion of the Cash Consideration and its transaction fees and expenses with cash on hand.The foregoing description of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 1, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by AmerisourceBergen Corporation (the Company) with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21, 2017, the Company entered into an agreement on November 20, 2017, to acquire H.D. Smith Holding Company (H.D. Smith), the largest independent wholesaler in the U.S. On January 2, 2018, the Company completed the acquisition and H.D. Smith became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company paid a purchase price of $815 million in cash, subject to a customary working capital adjustment.Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously reported, on November 17, 2017, Amyris, Inc. (the Company) and AB Technologies LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (together with the Company, the Seller), entered into a Quota Purchase Agreement (the QPA) with DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. (together with its affiliates, DSM) related to the purchase by DSM of all of the quotas of capital stock of Amyris Brasil Ltda. (AB) from the Seller. The entry into the QPA was previously reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 24, 2017 (the Prior 8-K), which, including the exhibit filed therewith, is incorporated herein by reference.SellerQPADSMABSECPrior 8-KOn December 28, 2017, the Seller and DSM closed the purchase and sale of all of the quotas of capital stock of AB and related transactions pursuant to the QPA (the Closing). Upon the Closing of the transaction, DSM paid the Company total consideration of approximately $33 million in cash for the quotas of capital stock of AB (the Purchase Price), which Purchase Price is subject to certain post-Closing working capital adjustments. In addition, DSM will pay to the Company certain additional amounts contingent on future Brazilian tax savings realized by DSM in connection with its purchase of AB (together with the Purchase Price, the Purchase Consideration). The Company has a pre-existing commercial and financial relationship with DSM, an owner of greater than five percent of the Companys outstanding common stock, as previously reported in the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2017, filed with the SEC on November 20, 2017 (the 10-Q), which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference. The Purchase Consideration was based on the net book value of the assets owned by AB and transferred to DSM in the sale, after giving effect to the Pre-Closing Restructuring (as defined in the Prior 8-K) and the Post-Closing Registrations (as defined below), subject to certain adjustments set forth in the QPA. The Company used $12.6 million of the proceeds from the Purchase Price to repay certain indebtedness of AB outstanding as of the Closing. The Company expects that the principal impact of the sale of the quotas of capital stock of AB on the Companys consolidated financial statements will be on the balance sheet, with a reduction in property, plant and equipment partially offset by an addition to cash and cash equivalents.Purchase PricePurchase Consideration10-QIn connection with the Closing, (i) the Seller and DSM entered into an amendment to the QPA, pursuant to which, among other things, the parties agreed to defer certain elements of the Pre-Closing Restructuring (as defined in the Prior 8-K), including certain corporate registrations and the execution by AB and SMA Indstria Qumica Ltda. (SMA) of certain leasing arrangements with respect to land in Brotas, Brazil leased by AB and on which the Company proposes to construct a manufacturing facility (the Brotas 2 Facility) (collectively, the Post-Closing Registrations), to after the Closing due to administrative delays in Brazil and (ii) an intellectual property license agreement between the Company and DSM covering certain intellectual property of the Company useful in the performance of certain commercial supply agreements assigned by the Company to DSM at the Closing relating to products currently manufactured at the existing manufacturing facility owned by AB located in Brotas, Brazil (the Brotas 1 Facility), including that certain Renewable Farnesene Supply Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2016 (as amended, the Nenter Supply Agreement), between the Company and Nenter & Co., Inc., became effective, and in connection therewith, DSM paid the Company an upfront cash license fee of $27.5 million.Brotas 2 FacilityPost-Closing RegistrationsBrotas 1 FacilityNenter Supply AgreementIn addition, at the Closing, the following agreements were entered into in connection with the transactions contemplated by the QPA:Value Sharing AgreementOn December 28, 2017, the Company and DSM entered into a ten-year Value Sharing Agreement (the Value Sharing Agreement), pursuant to which DSM will make certain value share payments to the Company representing a portion of the profit on the sale of products produced using farnesene purchased under the Nenter Supply Agreement realized by Nenter and paid to DSM in accordance with the Nenter Supply Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the Value Sharing Agreement, DSM will guarantee certain minimum annual value share payments for the first three calendar years of the Value Sharing Agreement, subject to future offsets in the event that the value share payments to which the Company would otherwise have been entitled under the Value Sharing Agreement for the second and third years fall below certain milestones. After the first three years of the Value Sharing Agreement, value share payments under the Value Sharing Agreement, if any, will be made quarterly by DSM to the Company. Under the Value Sharing Agreement, the Company is required to use certain value share payments received by the Company with respect to the first three calendar years of the Value Sharing Agreement in excess of the guaranteed minimum annual value share payments for such years, if any, to repay amounts outstanding under the DSM Credit Agreement (as defined below).Transition Services AgreementOn December 28, 2017, the Seller and DSM entered into a Transition Services Agreement (the Transition Services Agreement), pursuant to which (i) the Seller will provide, or cause to be provided, certain services to AB to allow for the operation of the Brotas 1 Facility in the ordinary course of business and (ii) DSM and AB will provide, or cause to be provided, certain services to SMA in connection with the operation of the Brotas 2 Facility, in each case for compensation as set forth in the Transition Services Agreement for each respective service. The services to be performed, or caused to be performed, by the Seller under the Transition Services Agreement will generally be provided for a period of six months from the Closing, and the services to be performed, or caused to be performed, by DSM and AB under the Transition Services Agreement will generally be provided until December 31, 2021, subject to the right of the service provider to earlier terminate such services upon material non-performance by the service recipient and the right of the service recipient to earlier terminate such services upon thirty days prior written notice to the service provider.Supply AgreementOn December 28, 2017, the Company and DSM entered into a Supply Agreement (the Supply Agreement), pursuant to which DSM will supply the Company with certain products useful in the Companys business that were previously, and are expected to continue to be, manufactured at the Brotas 1 Facility, at prices and on production and delivery terms and specifications set forth in the Supply Agreement, which prices are based upon DSMs manufacturing cost plus an agreed margin. The Supply Agreement expires (i) with respect to non-farnesene related products, on the date that the Brotas 2 Facility is fully operational and meets its production targets, but in any event no later than December 31, 2021 and (ii) with respect to farnesene-related products, on the twentieth anniversary of the Closing, subject in each case to the right of each of the parties to terminate the Supply Agreement upon ninety days prior written notice to the other party in the event of an uncured material breach by the other party of the Supply Agreement or in the event the other party is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, liquidation or dissolution or otherwise ceases to conduct its business. In addition, DSM may terminate the Supply Agreement upon two years notice to the Company in the event that the Company does not meet certain farnesene purchase requirements, and the Company may terminate the Supply Agreement upon written notice to DSM in the event DSM is unable to meet certain supply requirements or in the event DSM undergoes a change of control or transfers the Brotas 1 Facility to a competitor of the Company.Performance AgreementOn December 28, 2017, the Company and DSM entered into a Performance Agreement (the Performance Agreement), pursuant to which the Company will provide certain research and development services to DSM relating to the development of the technology underlying the farnesene-related products to be manufactured at the Brotas 1 Facility in exchange for related funding, including certain bonus payments in the event that specific performance metrics are achieved. The Performance Agreement expires on the third anniversary of the Closing, subject to the right of each of the parties to terminate the Performance Agreement upon thirty days prior written notice to the other party in the event of an uncured material breach by the other party of the Performance Agreement or in the event the other party is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, liquidation, dissolution or similar proceedings or events.Credit Facility and NoteOn December 28, 2017, the Company and DSM entered into a credit agreement (the DSM Credit Agreement) to make available to the Company an unsecured credit facility of $25.0 million. In addition, on December 28, 2017, the Company borrowed $25.0 million under the DSM Credit Agreement, representing the entire amount available thereunder, and issued a promissory note to DSM in an equal principal amount (the DSM Note). The Company used the proceeds of the amounts borrowed under the DSM Credit Agreement to repay all outstanding principal under the Companys credit facility with Guanfu Holding Co., Ltd., as described in Note 5, Long-term Debt to the unaudited financial statements contained in the 10-Q, which disclosure is hereby incorporated herein by reference.DSM Noteto repay all outstanding principal under the Companys credit facility with Guanfu Holding Co., Ltd., as described in Note 5, Long-term Debt to the unaudited financial statements contained in theThe DSM Note (i) is an unsecured obligation of the Company, (ii) matures on December 31, 2021 and (iii) accrues interest from and including December 28, 2017 at a rate of 10% per annum, payable quarterly beginning on December 31, 2017. The Company may at its option repay the amounts outstanding under the DSM Note before its maturity date, in whole or in part, at a price equal to 100% of the amount being repaid plus accrued and unpaid interest on such amount to the date of repayment. In addition, as described above, the Company is required to use certain value share payments received by the Company under the Value Sharing Agreement to repay amounts outstanding under the DSM Credit Agreement.The DSM Credit Agreement and DSM Note contain customary terms, provisions, representations and warranties, including certain events of default after which the DSM Note may become due and payable immediately, as set forth in the DSM Note.LSA AmendmentAs previously reported, the Company is party to a Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2014, as subsequently amended on June 12, 2014, March 31, 2015, November 30, 2015, October 6, 2016 and January 10, 2017 (as amended, the LSA), by and among the Company, certain of its subsidiaries party thereto and Stegodon Corporation (Stegodon), the agent and lender under the LSA, as assignee of Hercules Capital, Inc. (formerly Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc.), and an affiliate of Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. (Ginkgo), a commercial partner of the Company. The provisions of the LSA were previously reported in Note 5, Debt and Mezzanine Equity to the audited financial statements contained in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 17, 2017 and in Note 5, Long-term Debt, to the unaudited financial statements contained in the 10-Q, and all of such disclosure is incorporated herein by reference.StegodonGinkgoOn December 28, 2017, in connection with Stegodon granting waivers of certain covenants under the LSA in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the QPA, the Company, certain of its subsidiaries and Stegodon entered into a sixth amendment (the Sixth Amendment) of the LSA. Pursuant to the Sixth Amendment, the parties agreed, among other things, to (i) amend the maturity date of the LSA from October 15, 2018 to July 15, 2018 (the LSA Maturity Date), (ii) require the Company to make certain principal repayments of the loans under the LSA in an aggregate amount of $6,750,000 prior to the LSA Maturity Date, (iii) remove the requirement that the Company apply certain payments received by the Company under its previous and now-terminated collaboration agreement with Ginkgo to repay the loans under the LSA and (iv) require the Company to pledge 65% of its equity interest in SMA as security for the loans under the LSA.LSA Maturity DateThe above description of the transactions contemplated by the QPA and related agreements has been included to provide investors and securityholders with information regarding the terms of the QPA and such agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby. They are not intended to provide any other factual information about the Seller, DSM, AB or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates or stockholders. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the QPA and related agreements were made only for purposes of the QPA or such related agreements and as of specific dates; were solely for the benefit of the parties to the QPA or such related agreements; and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made by each party to the other for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between them. Investors and securityholders should be aware that the representations, warranties and covenants or any description thereof may not reflect the actual state of facts or condition of the Seller, DSM, AB or any of their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, businesses or stockholders. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the respective dates of the QPA and such related agreements. Accordingly, investors and securityholders should read the representations, warranties and covenants contained in the QPA and related agreements not in isolation but only in conjunction with the other information about the Company and its subsidiaries that the Company includes in filings it makes with the SEC.

ITEM 2.01COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETSEffective at 11:59 p.m. on January 31, 2018 (the Effective Time), Applied completed the acquisition via merger of all of the outstanding shares of FCX Performance, Inc. (FCX), a Columbus, Ohio based distributor of specialty process flow control products and services. FCX operates 68 locations with more than 1,000 employees. The total purchase price of the acquisition after contractual working capital adjustments was approximately $784 million, which was financed by cash-on-hand and pursuant to the credit facilities described in Item 1.01.The acquisition was completed pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement by and among Applied, Fortress Merger Sub Holding LLC, a limited liability company organized under the Laws of Delaware and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Applied, Fortress Merger Sub LP, a limited partnership organized under the Laws of Delaware and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Applied, FCX Group Holdings, LP, a limited partnership organized under the Laws of Delaware, FCX Group GP, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the Laws of Delaware, and Harvest Partners, LP, a limited partnership organized under the Laws of Delaware, solely in its capacity as the sellers representative.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applieds Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 9, 2018.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously announced, Folio Dynamics Holdings, Inc. (FolioDynamix), a majority-owned subsidiary of Actua Corporation (Actua), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 25, 2017, with Envestnet, Inc. (Envestnet), FCD Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Envestnet, and Actua USA Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Actua, as the representative of FolioDynamixs stockholders, under which Envestnet would acquire FolioDynamix (such transaction, the Folio Sale).ActuaEnvestnetFolio SaleOn January 2, 2018, the Folio Sale was consummated. Actua realized cash proceeds of approximately $166.3 million (approximately $1.5 million of which is being held in escrow to satisfy potential future indemnification claims, a purchase price adjustment and related expenses) in the Folio Sale and will receive an additional approximately $11.6 million in cash proceeds in the second quarter of 2018 if and to the extent that FolioDynamix is able to meet an agreed-upon threshold under a previously disclosed purchase price adjustment mechanism relating to client consents.With the sales of its interests in VelocityEHS Holdings, Inc. and BOLT Solutions Inc. (Bolt) (as previously announced on December 12, 2017) and of FolioDynamix now complete, Actua intends to set a record date and distribute substantially all of the net proceeds from those sales later in January 2018, subject to expenses and appropriate reserves relating to the wind-down of its business. Following that distribution, Actua intends to accelerate the process of winding down its operations and discharging its remaining liabilities, including any potential liabilities relating to the recent sales of its businesses. Accordingly, Actua expects to significantly reduce its operating costs and to focus on opportunities to monetize its remaining minority holdings and other assets (including any future proceeds received from the FolioDynamix sale and the previously disclosed potential secondary sale of Bolt). The companys goal is to sell its stakes in those holdings over a 12- to 18-month period and distribute in one or more additional cash distributions the net proceeds from those sales, along with any other remaining cash assets (subject to expenses and appropriate reserves), to its stockholders.12-18-month

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 23, 2018, Alexander & Baldwin, Inc. (the Company) acquired a portfolio of commercial properties in Hawaii (the "Portfolio") from Terramar Retail Centers, LLC, for total consideration of $254.1 million, including assumed debt of $62.0 million. The Portfolio consists of three grocery-anchored shopping centers: (1) Laulani Village Shopping Center located in Ewa Beach, Oahu, (2) Hokulei Village Shopping Center located in Lihue, Kauai, and (3) Pu`unene Shopping Center located in Kahului, Maui. The Portfolio adds approximately 390,000 square feet of gross leasable area to the Companys Commercial Real Estate portfolio.The acquisition of the Portfolio was funded through proceeds from the sale of certain of its U.S. Mainland commercial properties via tax-deferred 1031 exchanges, the assumption of a $62.0 million promissory note (Promissory Note), and borrowings under the Companys revolving senior credit facility (Revolving Credit Facility) at the time of closing.The Promissory Note bears interest at 3.93 percent and requires monthly interest payments of approximately $0.2 million until May 2020 and principal and interest payments of approximately $0.3 million thereafter. The Promissory Note matures on May 1, 2024 and is secured by the Laulani Village Shopping Center. In connection with the disposition of the U.S. Mainland commercial properties referenced above, the Company recorded aggregate impairment charges of $22.4 million during the fourth quarter of 2017.Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The information set forth under Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by reference. The transaction described under Item 1.01 above (the Transaction) closed on December 20, 2018, with certain limited exceptions described in the Agreement, including the conveyance of A&Bs interest in EMI. See Item 9.01 below for pro forma information related to the Transaction.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.In connection with the closing of the business combination, we have completed our transition from a diversified asset base composed of a portfolio of conventional assets to an oil and liquids-rich resource play in the eastern portion of the Anadarko Basin in Oklahoma (the STACK) with an extensive inventory of drilling opportunities. The STACK is an acronym describing both its locationSooner Trend Anadarko Basin Canadian and Kingfisher Countyand the multiple, stacked productive formations present in the area. The STACK is a prolific hydrocarbon system with high oil and liquids-rich natural gas content, multiple horizontal target horizons, extensive production history and high drilling success rates. As of September 30, 2017, we have assembled a highly contiguous position of approximately 130,000 net acres largely in the up-dip, naturally-fractured oil portion of the STACK in eastern Kingfisher County, Oklahoma. As of September 30, 2017, we have over 4,196 identified gross horizontal drilling locations in the STACK, over 2,075 of which we expect to operate. These drilling locations are in our primary target formations comprised of the Osage, Meramec and Oswego.up-dip,Just prior to the closing of the business combination, we completed the disposition of all of our oil and gas assets that were not located in the STACK. On December 30, 2017, we sold our assets located in the Weeks Island field to Texas Petroleum Investment Company for initial net proceeds of $22.6 million. The Weeks Island field, located in Iberia Parish, Louisiana, is a historically-prolific oil field with 55 potential pay zones that are structurally and stratigraphically trapped around a piercement salt dome.On February 8, 2018, we distributed the remainder of our non-STACK assets to High Mesa Holdings, LP, our parent company as a dividend. At the time of the disposition, management estimated the carrying value of Alta Mesas remaining non-STACK assets to be $42.8 million with liabilities of $52.5 million, which liabilities include $44.6 million of asset retirement obligations.Pro forma financial statements showing the effect of the disposition of the non-STACK assets, including the Weeks Island Assets, are included as Exhibit 99.2 to this Form 8-K.8-K.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The Offer and withdrawal rights expired as scheduled at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, at the end of January 30, 2018 (such date and time, the Expiration Time). American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the depositary for the Offer, advised Purchaser that, as of the Expiration Time, a total of approximately 71,970,009 Shares, representing approximately 95.1391% of the Companys currently outstanding Shares, were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Offer, including 1,849,932 Shares tendered pursuant to guaranteed delivery procedures. As of the Expiration Time, the number of Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer satisfied the minimum tender condition of the Offer, and all other conditions to the Offer were satisfied or waived. Immediately after the Expiration Time, Purchaser irrevocably accepted for payment, and will promptly pay for, all Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Time.On January 31, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL), Purchaser merged with and into the Company, with the Company being the surviving corporation (the Merger). Upon completion of the Merger, the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Hershey.MergerAt the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), as a result of the Merger, and pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive the Offer Price, in cash, without interest thereon and subject to any required tax withholding, other than (i) Shares held in the treasury of the Company, (ii) Shares that at the commencement of the Offer were owned by Hershey or Purchaser, or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Hershey or Purchaser, (iii) Shares irrevocably accepted for purchase in the Offer and (iv) Shares held by the Companys stockholders who properly demanded and perfected appraisal rights under Delaware law.The effect of the Merger on Company stock options and other equity-based awards is described on page 5 of the Companys Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed with the SEC on January 2, 2018, as amended on January 3, 2018, January 9, 2018, January 11, 2018, January 12, 2018, January 19, 2018, and January 31, 2018, which description is incorporated herein by reference.Upon the closing of the Merger, Hershey paid an aggregate consideration of approximately $908 million for the Shares, not including related transaction fees and expenses. Hershey funded these payments with available cash on hand.The foregoing summary description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Merger Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 2, 2018, Apptio, Inc., (Apptio), completed its acquisition (the Acquisition) of Digital Fuel SV, LLC, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (Digital Fuel), pursuant to a unit purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) dated as of February 2, 2018, among Apptio, Digital Fuel and the members of Digital Fuel (the Sellers). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Apptio acquired all of Digital Fuels outstanding membership interests.In connection with the Acquisition, Apptio paid $42,500,000, composed of (i) $38,250,000 in cash (the Cash Consideration), subject to certain post-closing adjustments provided for in the Purchase Agreement, and (ii) 176,406 shares of Apptios Class A common stock (subject to proportionate deductions for the escrow described below) (the Equity Consideration). The Purchase Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants customary for business combinations of this type.In connection with the Acquisition, Apptio will deposit 50% of the Equity Consideration into an escrow account for a period of up to 18 months, subject to extension as provided for in the Purchase Agreement, as security for certain customary representations, warranties and covenants made by the Sellers under the Purchase Agreement. Apptio will also deposit a small portion of the Cash Consideration into escrow as partial security for the post-closing adjustment provided for in the Purchase Agreement.The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Purchase Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto. Apptio is filing this Form 8-K to provide investors with disclosure as if Item 2.01 of Form 8-K were applicable to the Acquisition. This filing should not be deemed an admission by Apptio that the Acquisition triggers the disclosure required under Items 2.01 and 9.01 of Form 8-K and if such disclosure is not ultimately required, Apptio does not intend to provide the financial statements and pro forma financial information called for by Item 9.01 of Form 8-K.8-K.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn January 19, 2018, Aramark completed its previously announced acquisition of AmeriPride Services Inc., a Delaware corporation (AmeriPride). Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the AmeriPride Merger Agreement), dated October 13, 2017, by and among Aramark, AmeriPride, Timberwolf Acquisition Corporation (Merger Sub), a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Aramark, and Bruce M. Steiner, solely in his capacity as the Stockholder Representative (as defined therein), Merger Sub was merged with and into AmeriPride (the AmeriPride Merger), with AmeriPride continuing as the surviving entity and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Aramark Services, Inc. At the closing, Aramark paid an aggregate purchase price of $1,000.0 million, subject to certain adjustments set forth in the AmeriPride Merger Agreement (the AmeriPride Purchase Price). As discussed in Item 1.01 above, the AmeriPride Purchase Price was financed through the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes. $5 million of the AmeriPride Purchase Price will be held in escrow to satisfy any potential obligations of AmeriPride stockholders relating to a post-closing reconciliation of adjustments to the AmeriPride Purchase Price.The foregoing description of the AmeriPride Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the AmeriPride Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K by Aramark on October 16, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference.Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2017, by Barnwell Industries, Inc., Barnwell Canada entered into the MBOG PSA with Mount Bastion Oil & Gas Corp. on December 14, 2017 to sell its oil properties located in the Red Earth area of Alberta, Canada, which was expected to close in early 2018. Between the date of the MBOG PSA and the closing date, Harvest Operations Corp. exercised their right of first refusal to purchase a portion of the Red Earth oil properties previously included in the MBOG PSA with Mount Bastion. Barnwell Canada entered into the HO PSA with Harvest Operations Corp. for a portion of the Red Earth oil properties on February 1, 2018.Both sales of the Red Earth oil properties closed on February 1, 2018, with effective dates of October 1, 2017. The sales prices per the PSAs were adjusted at closing for customary purchase price adjustments to reflect the economic activity from the effective date of October 1, 2017 to the closing date, for a combined adjusted sales price of approximately $1,360,000.Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, on the Closing Date, the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Allied for approximately $2.625 billion in cash (subject to a working capital and certain other adjustments as set forth in the Stock Purchase Agreement).The foregoing description of the Stock Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Stock Purchase Agreement, a copy of which was previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24, 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 19, 2018, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 4, 2017 (the merger agreement), by and among the Company, HighPoint, Fifth Creek, Rio Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of HighPoint (Rio Merger Sub), Rider Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of HighPoint (Rider Merger Sub), and, for limited purposes set forth in the merger agreement, Fifth Creek Energy Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (FCEC), and NGP Natural Resources XI, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (NGP), the Company and Fifth Creek completed a strategic combination of their respective businesses. Pursuant to the merger agreement, (i) Rider Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving entity in such merger (the BBG merger), and (ii) Rio Merger Sub merged with and into Fifth Creek, with Fifth Creek as the surviving entity in such merger (the Fifth Creek merger and, collectively, the mergers), as a result of which the Company and Fifth Creek each became direct wholly owned subsidiaries of HighPoint.Under the terms of the merger agreement, at the effective time of the mergers, each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the mergers was converted into the right to receive one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (HighPoint Common Stock), of HighPoint and all outstanding equity interests in Fifth Creek, in the aggregate, converted into the right to receive an aggregate of 100,000,000 shares of HighPoint Common Stock. As a result, former holders of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the mergers will receive in the aggregate 110,933,552 shares of HighPoint Common Stock, and the former holders of equity interests in Fifth Creek will receive 100,000,000 shares of HighPoint Common Stock. The shares of Company Common Stock will be suspended from trading on the NYSE prior to the open of trading on March 20, 2018, and shares of HighPoint Common Stock will begin regular-way trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol HPR on March 20, 2018.As provided in the merger agreement, at the effective time of the mergers, all options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock and all restricted stock and performance stock unit awards relating to Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the mergers were generally converted into corresponding awards relating to shares of HighPoint Common Stock on the same terms and conditions (excluding performance conditions) as applied prior to the effective time of the mergers (with performance stock unit awards converting into time-based restricted stock unit awards based on the greater of target performance and actual performance through the closing date).The description of the merger agreement contained herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. This summary is not intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about the Company or HighPoint, and should not be relied upon as disclosure about the Company or HighPoint without consideration of the periodic and current reports and statements that the Company and HighPoint file with the SEC. The terms of the merger agreement govern the contractual rights and relationships between, and allocate risks among, the parties thereto in relation to the transactions contemplated thereby. In particular, the representations and warranties made by the parties to each other in the merger agreement reflect negotiations between, and are solely for the benefit of, the parties thereto and may be limited or modified by a variety of factors, including: subsequent events, information included in public filings, disclosures made during negotiations, correspondence between the parties and disclosure schedules to the merger agreement. Accordingly, the representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs at the date they were made or at any other time and should not be relied upon as statements of fact.Upon the completion of the mergers and pursuant to the post-closing merger agreement, Fifth Creek was merged with and into BBG with BBG as the surviving entity in such merger.




Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The information required to be disclosed in this Item 2.01 is incorporated herein by reference from Item 1.01.Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On December 14, 2018, BioHiTech Global, Inc. (the Registrant) consummated a transaction previously reported in the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2018, which disclosed that on November 28, 2018, the Registrant entered into a definitive agreement with Entsorga USA, Inc. (EUSA) whereby EUSA agreed to sell, transfer and convey to the Registrant Two Thousand Six Hundred Seventy-Six and 60/100 (2,676.60) common units of Entsorga West Virginia, LLC, a West Virginia limited liability company (EWV) in consideration for 714,519 newly issued shares of stock (the Purchase Price) of the Registrants newly created Series E Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001, (the Series E Shares) convertible into 714,539 shares (the Conversion Shares) of the Registrants common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock). The terms and conditions of the Series E Shares were to be set forth in the Certificate of Designation or Rights and Preferences (the Certificate of Designation) to be agreed upon by EUSA and the Registrant prior to the closing, which was anticipated to be in December 2018 and subject to customary deliverables by each of the Registrant and EUSA.The Registrants newly created Series E Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series E Shares) with a stated value of $2.64 per share is convertible into shares of the Registrants common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) and does not earn any dividends and has no special voting rights. The Series E Shares are convertible at the rate of one share of Common Stock for each Series E Share converted, subject to adjustment for stock splits and reclassifications. The Series E Shares were sold to one holder (EUSA) who has the right to have the Registrant redeem any deficiency between the proceeds from the Holders sales of conversion shares resulting from the Series E Shares and $400,000 occurring through February 15, 2019. Failure to make notice of the request for redemption by February 21, 2019 provides for the expiration of the redemption right. Pursuant to the Certificate of Designation, immediately following the issuance of the Series E Shares, 150,000 Series E Shares were converted into 150,000 shares of Common Stock.The foregoing description of the terms and conditions of the the Certificate of Designation is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Certificate of Designation. For an understanding of its terms and provisions, reference should be made to the Certificate of Designation, attached this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 4.1, which is incorporated herein by reference.On December 17, 2018, the Registrant issued a press release announcing the aforementioned agreement. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.5 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 12, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Post completed its acquisition of Bob Evans through the Merger. At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock of Bob Evans, $0.01 par value per share (the Bob Evans Common Stock), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than treasury stock and any shares of Bob Evans Common Stock owned by Bob Evans, Post, Merger Sub, any of their wholly-owned subsidiaries, or any person who properly demands and perfects statutory appraisal of their shares (the Appraisal Shares) was converted into the right to receive $77.00 in cash, without interest (the Per Share Merger Consideration).In addition, at the Effective Time, subject to certain exceptions, each option to purchase Bob Evans Common Stock outstanding as of the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, was converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of (1) the total number of shares of Bob Evans Common Stock subject to such option and (2) the amount by which the Per Share Merger Consideration exceeded the exercise price per share of Bob Evans Common Stock subject to such option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, less any applicable taxes. Subject to certain exceptions, as of the Effective Time, all other Bob Evans equity-based awards, subject to time-based or performance-based vesting conditions, were converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of (1) the total number of shares of Bob Evans Common Stock underlying such awards immediately prior to the Effective Time and (2) the Per Share Merger Consideration, less any applicable taxes. Holders of approximately 22% of the shares of Bob Evans Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time have made demands for appraisal.A copy of the Merger Agreement was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed by Bob Evans with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 19, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 1, 2018, Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (the Company) and Brookline Bank (Brookline) completed the previously announced acquisition of First Commons Bank, N.A. (First Commons Bank), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated September 20, 2017 (the Merger Agreement), by and between the Company, Brookline, and First Commons Bank. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, First Commons Bank has merged with and into Brookline (the Merger) with Brookline as the surviving institution. As a result of the Merger, each First Commons Bank stockholder will have the right to receive 1.089 shares of the Companys common stock in exchange for each share of First Commons Bank common stock. The foregoing description of the Merger and Merger Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 21, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Companys press release dated March 1, 2018, announcing the completion of the Merger is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.The foregoing description of the Merger and Merger Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 21, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference.A copy of the Companys press release dated March 1, 2018, announcing the completion of the Merger is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 5, 2018 (the Closing Date), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) by and among BWW, Arbys Restaurant Group, Inc. (Arbys), and IB Merger Sub I Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of an affiliate of Arbys (Merger Sub), Merger Sub merged with and into BWW (the Merger), with BWW continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of such affiliate of Arbys.Closing Date), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) by and among BWW, Arbys Restaurant Group, Inc. (), and IB Merger Sub I Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of an affiliate of Arbys (), Merger Sub merged with and into BWW (the ), with BWW continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of such affiliate of Arbys.As a result of the Merger, each share of common stock of BWW that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) was converted into the right to receive $157.00 in cash, without interest and subject to applicable withholding taxes (the Merger Consideration), other than those shares owned by Arbys or any subsidiary of Arbys or BWW (which were cancelled without payment of any consideration) (collectively, the Excluded Shares).Effective Time) was converted into the right to receive $157.00 in cash, without interest and subject to applicable withholding taxes (the Merger Consideration), other than those shares owned by Arbys or any subsidiary of Arbys or BWW (which were cancelled without payment of any consideration) (collectively, the Excluded Shares).Also as a result of the Merger, each unexercised option to acquire BWW common stock was cancelled in exchange for an amount in cash equal to the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of BWW common stock subject to such option multiplied by the number of shares of BWW common stock subject to such option; each restricted stock unit award subject solely to time-based vesting was cancelled in exchange for an amount in cash equal to the Merger Consideration multiplied by the number of shares of BWW common stock subject to such time vesting restricted stock unit award; and each restricted stock unit award subject to performance-based vesting was cancelled in exchange for an amount in cash equal to the Merger Consideration multiplied by the number of shares of BWW common stock attributable to such performance vesting restricted stock unit award based upon an assumed attainment of the target level of performance applicable to such award. No restricted stock awards were outstanding at the Effective Time.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to BWWs Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 28, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.SEC) on November 28, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.Item 3.01Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.



Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2017, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the Company) entered into a purchase agreement on December 19, 2017 to acquire 146 industrial properties with an aggregate of 22 million square feet (the Portfolio) from Cabot Industrial Value Fund IV, L.P. and Cabot Industrial Value Fund IV Manager, Limited Partnership, each a third-party (collectively, the Seller). On March 9, 2018, the Company completed the acquisition of fee simple interests in the Portfolio from the Seller for a purchase price of approximately $1.8 billion, excluding closing costs.The acquisition of the Portfolio was funded through a combination of a $1.1 billion mortgage secured by the Portfolio, a $200 million mezzanine loan secured by equity interests in the Portfolio and available cash. Certain terms of the mortgage loan and mezzanine loan are described in the table below.Borrowing InterestRate MaturityDates Principal Balance AmortizationPeriod Prepayment Provisions Mortgage Loan 4.10 % April 5, 2025 $ 1,100,000,000 Interest Only Yield Maintenance Mezzanine Loan 5.85 % April 5, 2025 $ 200,000,000 Interest Only Yield Maintenance1Borrowing InterestRate MaturityDates Principal Balance AmortizationPeriod Prepayment ProvisionsInterestRateMaturityDatesPrincipal BalanceAmortizationPeriodPrepayment ProvisionsProvisionsMortgage Loan 4.10 % April 5, 2025 $ 1,100,000,000 Interest Only Yield Maintenance4.10%April 5, 2025$1,100,000,000Interest OnlyYield MaintenanceMezzanine Loan 5.85 % April 5, 2025 $ 200,000,000 Interest Only Yield Maintenance15.85%April 5, 2025$200,000,000Interest OnlyYield Maintenance1(1) The yield maintenance provision only applies during the first 24 months of the loan term. After such time, the Company is allowed to prepay the loan without penalty.The yield maintenance provision only applies during the first 24 months of the loan term. After such time, the Company is allowed to prepay the loan without penalty.As part of the acquisition, the Company has engaged the Sellers sponsor to provide certain services for the Portfolio for a fee equal to 18 basis points per year of the acquisition price of the then-remaining Portfolio (subject to increase to up to 25 basis points per year depending on services provided). Additionally, the Seller will receive a promote from the Portfolio equal to 12.5% of profits above an 11% annualized return to the Company and 18.5% of profits above a 15% annualized return to the Company (subject to reduction if the fees are increased as described above).

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 10, 2018, BlueLinx Holdings Inc. (the Company), through certain of its subsidiaries, completed four sale-leaseback transactions (the Sale-Leaseback Transactions) with affiliates of Brennan Investment Group (collectively, the Buyer). Pursuant to the Sale-Leaseback Transactions, the Company sold four of its warehouse facilities to the Buyer for an aggregate cash purchase price of $110 million. The Sale-Leaseback Transactions were completed pursuant to certain Purchase and Sale Agreements, each dated November 6, 2017, between certain subsidiaries of the Company and the Buyer, each as amended by an Amendment to Purchase Agreement, dated December 17, 2017 (collectively, the Purchase and Sale Agreements). In connection with the Sale-Leaseback Transactions, the Company also entered into long term leases on each of the four properties for fifteen-year initial terms with multiple renewal options of varying lengths. The four warehouse facilities are located in (i) Lawrenceville, Georgia, (ii) Bellingham, Massachusetts, (iii) Butner, North Carolina, and (iv) Frederick, Maryland.On January 10, 2018, the Company used a portion of the sale proceeds from the Sale-Leaseback Transactions to pay off the remaining principal outstanding of approximately $97.85 million under the Companys Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2006, by and among German American Capital Corporation and certain subsidiaries of the Company, as amended through the Seventeenth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2016 (as amended, the Mortgage Loan Agreement). Although the outstanding principal under the Mortgage Loan Agreement has been paid in full, the parties will continue to satisfy certain obligations thereunder after closing.Other than in respect to the transactions discussed above, there are no material relationships between the parties to the Sale-Leaseback Transactions and the Company or any of its affiliates, directors, officers, or their associates.The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, reference to the full text of the Purchase and Sale Agreements, the form of which will be filed as an exhibit to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2018.Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On April 13, 2018, BlueLinx Corporation, a Georgia corporation (Parent) and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, completed its previously announced acquisition of Cedar Creek Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Cedar Creek), pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of March 9, 2018, by and among Parent, Cedar Creek, Panther Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub), and Charlesbank Equity Fund VII, Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership, as the stockholder representative thereunder. Upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, among other things, Merger Sub merged with and into Cedar Creek (the Merger) with Cedar Creek surviving the Merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company used the proceeds from the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility to finance the acquisition of Cedar Creek.April 13, 2018, BlueLinx Corporation, a Georgia corporation (Parent) and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, completed its previously announced acquisition of Cedar Creek Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (), pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of March 9, 2018, by and among Parent, Cedar Creek, Panther Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (), and Charlesbank Equity Fund VII, Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership, as the stockholder representative thereunder. Upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, among other things, Merger Sub merged with and into Cedar Creek (the ) with Cedar Creek surviving the Merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company used the proceeds from the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility to finance the acquisition of Cedar Creek.The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Merger Agreement attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2018, which is incorporated herein by reference.Item 2.03Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 12, 2018, the Corporation completed the Acquisition. The aggregate purchase price for the Acquisition consisted of (i) a $25,000 cash payment to the Sellers, and (ii) the issuance to the Seller of 100,000 shares of the Corporations Series D Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value and having the rights described in Item 5.03 below (such description incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01), to the Sellers (the Share Consideration).

2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsEffective January 1, 2018, Business First Bancshares, Inc. (Business First), the holding company for Business First Bank, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, completed its previously announced acquisition of Minden Bancorp, Inc. (MBI), the holding company for MBL Bank, Minden, Louisiana.The acquisition was completed pursuant to the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement), dated October 5, 2017, by and among Business First, MBI and BFB Acquisition Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Business First (the Merger Subsidiary). In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time, the Merger Subsidiary was merged with and into MBI, with MBI surviving the merger, followed immediately by the merger of MBI with and into Business First, with Business First surviving the merger. Immediately following the holding company mergers, MBL Bank was merged with and into Business First Bank, with Business First Bank as the surviving bank.Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all of the issued and outstanding shares of MBI common stock were converted into the right to receive aggregate cash consideration of approximately $76.2 million.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Business Firsts Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference.8.01 Other Events..On January 3, 2018, Business First issued the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference announcing the completion of its acquisition of MBI.9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 99.1 Press Release issued by Business First Bancshares, Inc., dated January 3, 2018NumberDescription of ExhibitDescription of Exhibit99.1 Press Release issued by Business First Bancshares, Inc., dated January 3, 2018Press Release issued by Business First Bancshares, Inc., dated January 3, 2018Forward-Looking StatementsThis Current Report on Form 8-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as may, will, anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, target, forecast, and other words and terms of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, expectations, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Business First cautions readers that any forward-looking statement is not a guarantee of future performance and that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the benefits of the merger of Business First and MBI, including future financial and operating results; Business Firsts plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties relating to: (i) the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully; (ii) the risk that the cost savings and any other synergies from the transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (iii) disruption from the transaction making it more difficult to maintain relationships with customers, employees or vendors; (iv) the diversion of management time on merger-related issues; and (v) other factors which Business First discusses or refers to in the Risk Factors section of its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement and Business First undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsEffective after the close of business on November 30, 2018, Business First Bancshares, Inc. (Business First), the holding company for Business First Bank, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, completed its previously announced acquisition of Richland State Bancorp (RSBI), the holding company for Richland State Bank, Rayville, Louisiana.The acquisition was completed pursuant to the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement), dated June 1, 2018, by and between Business First and RSBI. In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time, RSBI was merged with and into Business First, with Business First surviving the merger. Immediately following the holding company mergers, Richland State Bank was merged with and into Business First Bank, with Business First Bank as the surviving bank.Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all of the issued and outstanding shares of RSBI common stock were converted into the right to receive aggregate stock consideration of 1,679,608. RSBI made a special distribution of $10,627,737 in cash to its shareholders prior to closing, which, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, eliminated the $10,627,737 in aggregate cash consideration to be paid by Business First to RSBIs shareholdersThe foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Business Firsts Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.On November 30, 2018, Business First Bancshares, Inc. (Business First) formally appointed N. Jerome Vascocu to fill a vacant directorship on its Board of Directors. Mr. Vascocus initial term will expire at the 2019 annual meeting of the shareholders of Business First. Mr. Vascocu was also appointed as a director of Business Firsts wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Business First Bank. Mr. Vascocu was appointed to the Board of Directors pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, as previously disclosed on the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Business First on June 4, 2018, and Exhibit 2.1 thereto, which are incorporated herein by reference.Mr. Vascocu also serves Chairman of the Northeast Louisiana Region for Business First Bank, pursuant to the terms of an employment agreement, dated June 1, 2018, between Business First Bank and Mr. Vascocu, which was conditioned upon and effective at closing of the acquisition of RSBI. The employment agreement provides for a term of two years. Under the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Vascocu will receive a base salary of $255,000 per year and will be eligible to earn an annual bonus payment pursuant to an annual incentive bonus program of not less than 25% or more than 35% of Mr. Vascocus base salary. Mr. Vascocu is also eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans sponsored by Business First. During the two-year period following the expiration or termination of the employment agreement, Mr. Vascocu has agreed to certain non-solicitation and non-competition terms that inure to the benefit of Business First Bank. The employment agreement also contains other customary covenants and conditions.Mr. Vascocu, a native of Minden, Louisiana, attended Louisiana Tech University on a track scholarship and obtained his masters degree there. He is also a graduate of the Southwestern Graduate School of Banking at SMU in Dallas, Texas. His banking career spans forty-five years, including the last twenty years as President and CEO of Richland State Bank. Earlier in his career, Mr. Vascocu was an organizer, board member, and executive officer of American Bank of Ruston, N.A., (now Iberia Bank), and also served as Compass Bank market president in Oxford, Alabama, and Auburn, Alabama. Business First believes that Mr. Vascocus depth of banking experience, and his knowledge of the North Louisiana economy will be meaningful contributions to the vision of Business First.8.01 Other Events.On December 3, 2018, Business First issued the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference announcing the completion of its acquisition of RSBI.9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 99.1 Press Release issued by Business First Bancshares, Inc., dated December 3, 2018NumberDescription of Exhibit99.1 Press Release issued by Business First Bancshares, Inc., dated December 3, 2018Press Release issued by Business First Bancshares, Inc., dated December 3, 2018Forward-Looking StatementsThis Current Report on Form 8-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as may, will, anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, target, forecast, and other words and terms of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, expectations, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Business First cautions readers that any forward-looking statement is not a guarantee of future performance and that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the benefits of the merger of Business First and RSBI, including future financial and operating results; Business Firsts plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties relating to: (i) the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully; (ii) the risk that the cost savings and any other synergies from the transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (iii) disruption from the transaction making it more difficult to maintain relationships with customers, employees or vendors; (iv) the diversion of management time on merger-related issues; and (v) other factors which Business First discusses or refers to in the Risk Factors section of its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement and Business First undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously announced, on December 19, 2017, Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (the Company) entered into a purchase and sale agreement with VOG Palo Verde LP, an affiliate of Venado Oil & Gas LLC, to sell all of its assets in the Eagle Ford Shale in Texas (the "Eagle Ford Shale Properties") for an agreed upon price of $765.0 million, with an effective date of January 1, 2018, subject to adjustments and customary terms and conditions. On February 28, 2018, the Company closed on the Eagle Ford Shale Properties and received $673.6 million, including $76.5 million previously received as a deposit, which includes preliminary purchase price adjustments of $58.6 million related to certain assets that were retained due to the Company's inability to obtain consents to assign certain assets at the initial closing and $32.8 million related to the net cash flows from the effective date to the closing date. On March 6, 2018, the Company closed on certain of the remaining Eagle Ford Shale Properties for which it was unable to assign at the initial closing and expects to receive additional proceeds of $52.8 million by the end of the first quarter of 2018. The Company expects to obtain consents to convey the remaining $5.8 million of Eagle Ford Shale Properties by the end of the second quarter of 2018.On February 28, 2018, the Company closed on the Eagle Ford Shale Properties and received $673.6 million, including $76.5 million previously received as a deposit, which includes preliminary purchase price adjustments of $58.6 million related to certain assets that were retained due to the Company's inability to obtain consents to assign certain assets at the initial closing and $32.8 million related to the net cash flows from the effective date to the closing date. On March 6, 2018, the Company closed on certain of the remaining Eagle Ford Shale Properties for which it was unable to assign at the initial closing and expects to receive additional proceeds of $52.8 million by the end of the first quarter of 2018. The Company expects to obtain consents to convey the remaining $5.8 million of Eagle Ford Shale Properties by the end of the second quarter of 2018.2Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On December 15, 2017, CATI Operating, LLC (CATI), the then wholly-owned subsidiary of Camber Energy, Inc. (the Company, we and us), entered into a Release of Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Assignment, Security Agreement, Financing Statement and Fixture Filing (the Release) with the trustee for Louise H. Rogers, the Companys former lender (Rogers).CompanyweusReleaseRogersPursuant to the Release, the Company completed a transaction in which CATI provided Rogers, pursuant to an Assignment of Overriding Royalty Interest (the Royalty Assignment), with an overriding royalty (equal to 0.01 of 8/8ths of all oil and gas) on CATIs remaining leasehold and Rogers released CATI from all remaining indebtedness owed.The Release, which was filed in various counties in Texas on January 22nd and January 23rd 2018, discharged approximately $5.8 million in principal and interest outstanding and owed to Rogers, according to Rogers. The effective date of the Release was December 15, 2017. The Release, Royalty Assignment and Assignment (as defined below) only became effective upon the date the Release was filed, January 22, 2018.rdAdditionally, the remaining leasehold and ownership of CATI was assigned to Arkose Lease Partners, L.L.C., a third party (Arkose), pursuant to an Assignment of Membership Interest (the Assignment), dated November 1, 2017, in exchange for Arkoses assumption of all plugging and abandonment liabilities of CATI.AssignmentThe foregoing descriptions of the Release, Royalty Assignment and Assignment are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text thereof which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 2.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.N&B Energy Asset Sale AgreementAs previously reported, on July 12, 2018, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (as amended by the First Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement dated August 3, 2018 and the Second Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement dated September 24, 2018, the Sale Agreement), as seller, with N&B, as purchaser. Pursuant to the Sale Agreement and the terms and conditions thereof, we agreed to sell to N&B Energy a substantial portion of our assets, including all of the assets we acquired pursuant to the terms of our December 31, 2015 Asset Purchase Agreement with Segundo Resources, LLC (Segundo), which is owned and controlled by Azar, and other sellers, and certain other more recent acquisitions, other than the production payment and overriding royalty interests discussed below (the Assets). In consideration for the Assets, N&B Energy agreed to pay us $100 in cash, to assume all of our obligations and debt owed to IBC and Segundo agreed to enter into a settlement agreement, as previously disclosed.SegundoAssetsOn September 26, 2018, N&B Energy assumed all of the IBC Obligations (pursuant to the Assumption Agreement described above) and paid us $100 in cash, and we transferred ownership of the Assets to N&B Energy, and the parties closed the transactions contemplated by the Sale Agreement.Notwithstanding the sale of the Assets, the Company will retain its assets in Glasscock County and Hutchinson Counties, Texas and also retained a 12.5% production payment (effective until a total of $2.5 million has been received); a 3% overriding royalty interest in its existing Okfuskee County, Oklahoma asset; and retained an overriding royalty interest on certain other undeveloped leasehold interests, pursuant to an Assignment of Production Payment and Assignment of Overriding Royalty Interests.The effective date of the Sale Agreement is August 1, 2018. The Assets were assigned as is with all faults.As a result of the Assumption Agreement and the Sale Agreement, we reduced our liabilities by $36.9 million and our assets by approximately $12 million.The foregoing description of the Sale Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Sale Agreement (as amended), copies of which are incorporated by reference hereto as Exhibits 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 and the foregoing description of the Production Payment and Assignment of Overriding Royalty Interests does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the Assignment of Production Payment and Assignment of Overriding Royalty Interests, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Sale Agreement (1) were made only for purposes of that agreement and as of specific dates, (2) are solely for the benefit of the parties to the Sale Agreement, (3) may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Sale Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and (4) may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Sale Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the parties public disclosures. The representations and warranties contained in the Sale Agreement were made only for the purpose of the Sale Agreement as of specific dates and may have been qualified by certain disclosures between the parties and a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to stockholders, among other limitations. The representations and warranties were made for the purpose of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Sale Agreement and should not be relied upon as a disclosure of factual information relating to any of the parties.2.22.3Exhibits 10.210.310.4

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn March 26, 2018, Campbell Soup Company ("Campbell") completed the previously announced acquisition of Snyder's-Lance, Inc. ("Snyder's-Lance"). Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") by and among Campbell, Twist Merger Sub, Inc., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Campbell ("Merger Sub"), and Snyder's-Lance, among other things, Merger Sub merged with and into Snyder's-Lance (the "Merger"), with Snyder's-Lance surviving the Merger as an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Campbell."Snyder's-Lance"Merger Agreement"Merger Sub"Merger"At the effective time of the Merger, each of Snyder's-Lance's issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.83-1/3 per share ("Common Stock") (other than any shares held directly by either Campbell or Merger Sub or shares owned by any direct or indirect subsidiary of Snyder's-Lance) was cancelled and extinguished and converted into the right to receive $50.00 in cash, without interest, less any required withholding taxes (the "Per Share Merger Consideration")."Common Stock"Per Share Merger Consideration"At the effective time of the Merger, (i) each stock option of Snyder's-Lance that was outstanding and unexercised immediately before the effective time vested in accordance with the terms applicable to such stock option and was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the excess, if any, of the Per Share Merger Consideration over the exercise price of such stock option, (ii) all restricted stock vested in accordance with the terms applicable to such restricted stock and will be treated as Common Stock and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Per Share Merger Consideration, and (iii) each restricted share unit ("RSU") of Snyder's-Lance vested in accordance with the terms applicable to such RSU and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product of the Per Share Merger Consideration and the number of shares of Common stock subject to such RSU.The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed by the Company as Exhibit 2.1 to the Campbell's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2017.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 20, 2018, Carlisle Companies Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company), Carlisle, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Seller), Carlisle FoodService Products, Incorporated, a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Seller (CFS) completed the previously announced definitive agreement (the Sale Agreement) to sell all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of CFS to CFSP Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (Buyer) and an affiliate of The Jordan Company, L.P., a New York limited partnership (Jordan) for cash in the amount of $750 million, subject to certain adjustments. The final purchase price is subject to a net working capital adjustment to be settled within 60 days of the closing date. Target net working capital, as defined in the Sale Agreement, is $55.8 million.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On December 11, 2017, Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc. (the Company), along with its wholly-owned subsidiary Carrizo (Eagle Ford) LLC entered into a purchase and sale agreement with EP Energy E&P Company, L.P. to sell a portion of its assets in the Eagle Ford Shale for an agreed upon price of $245.0 million, with an effective date of October 1, 2017, subject to adjustment and customary closing terms and conditions. On December 11, 2017, the Company received $24.5 million as a deposit and on January 31, 2018, the Company received $211.7 million at closing, subject to post-closing adjustments, for aggregate net proceeds of $236.2 million, which includes preliminary purchase price adjustments primarily related to the net cash flows from the effective date to the closing date.Item 8.01 Other Events.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn January 26, 2018, pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement described in Item 1.01, the Company completed the acquisition of the Assets from Sandoz. The information disclosed in response to Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. In connection with the closing of the acquisition, and pursuant to an agreement between the Company and Beijing Zhi He Kang Dao Biotechnology Co. Ltd., the Company will pay a closing fee equal to 3.5% of the purchase price for services in connection with the identification of the opportunity, performing China due diligence and market research, and the implementation and strategic planning of the transaction.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 6, 2018, Celgene Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Celgene), completed its acquisition of Juno Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Juno), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 21, 2018 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Celgene, Juno and Blue Magpie Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Celgene (Purchaser). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser conducted a tender offer (the Offer) for all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares), of Juno other than any Celgene-Owned Shares and Company-Owned Shares (each as defined below), at a price of $87.00 per Share (the Offer Price), net to the holder in cash, without interest and subject to any applicable withholding of taxes.The Offer expired one minute after 11:59 p.m., Eastern time, on March 2, 2018 (the Expiration Date) as scheduled and was not extended. According to Equiniti Trust Company, the depositary for the Offer (the Depositary), 88,118,707 Shares were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn, which represented approximately 76% of the outstanding Shares as of the expiration of the Offer and, when taken together with the Celgene-Owned Shares (as defined below), represented approximately 85% of the Shares outstanding as of the expiration of the Offer, and a sufficient number of Shares such that the minimum tender condition to the Offer was satisfied. In addition, the Depositary has advised that Notices of Guaranteed Delivery have been delivered with respect to 2,611,851 additional Shares, which represented approximately 2% of the outstanding Shares as of the expiration of the Offer. Each condition to the Offer was satisfied or waived, and Purchaser irrevocably accepted for payment all Shares that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn (such time that such Shares are accepted, the Offer Acceptance Time). On March 5. 2018, Celgene issued a press release announcing the expiration and results of the Offer, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit (a)(5)(L) to Amendment No. 4 to the Schedule TO filed by Celgene with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 5, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference.On March 6, 2018, following consummation of the Offer, Purchaser merged with and into Juno (the Merger), with Juno surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celgene. The Merger was completed pursuant to Section 251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), with no vote of the Juno stockholders required to consummate the Merger. At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each issued and outstanding Share (other than (i) Shares owned at the commencement of the Offer and immediately prior to the Effective Time by Celgene, Purchaser or any other direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Celgene (the Celgene-Owned Shares), (ii) Shares owned immediately prior to the Effective Time by Juno (or held in Junos treasury) (the Company-Owned Shares) and (iii) Shares held by stockholders who are entitled to, and who have properly exercised and perfected their respective demands for, appraisal of such Shares in the time and manner provided in Section 262 of the DGCL and, as of the Effective Time, have neither effectively withdrawn their respective demand nor otherwise lost their respective rights to appraisal pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL) was converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Offer Price, without interest and subject to any applicable withholding of taxes.Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, each outstanding unvested Juno stock option (Option), each outstanding award of Juno time-based restricted stock units (RSUs), and each outstanding award of Juno time-based restricted stock awards (RSAs), (i) if granted twelve (12) months or more prior to the Effective Time, vested pursuant to their respective terms or, if greater, with respect to 25% of the total number of Shares subject to such award, (ii) if granted following the date of the Merger Agreement but prior to the Effective Time, vested pursuant to their respective terms or, if greater, with respect to 25% of the total number of Shares subject to such award (the Pre-Closing Non-Performance Awards), or (iii) if granted less than twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Time (other than the Pre-Closing Non-Performance Awards), vested pursuant to their respective terms or, if greater, with respect to that number of Shares subject thereto, such that, following such vesting, the award will be unvested with respect to that number of Shares which would have become vested and resulted in the award being 100% vested had the holder of the award remained continuously employed for an additional twenty-four months following the Effective Time; provided, that, with respect to any awards referred to in subsections (i) and (iii) above, if, as of the 24-month anniversary of the Effective Time, any portion of such awards remains unvested, such unvested portion will become immediately vested on such 24-month anniversary date, provided that the employee has remained employed through such 24-month anniversary date. All such awards that vested or that are otherwise vested as of immediately prior to the Offer Acceptance Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement) were cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the number of Shares subject to such vested award and (ii) the Offer Price (reduced by the applicable exercise price in the case of Options).The Merger Agreement also provides that all Juno performance-based restricted stock units (PSUs) and all Juno performance-based restricted stock awards (PSAs) vested as to 50% of the total number of PSUs or PSAs (as applicable) subject to such awards, and such vested portion was cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) such 50% vested portion of the award, and (ii) the Offer Price. The remaining 50% of the PSUs and PSAs were assumed by Celgene and are subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such awards immediately prior to the Offer Acceptance Time, except that (i) 60% of such remaining award will vest on the one-year anniversary of the Effective Time and (ii) 40% of such remaining award will vest on the earlier of (A) the second anniversary of the Effective Time and (B) the first approval by the Food and Drug Administration of JCAR017.The Merger Agreement provides that Options, RSUs and RSAs, and PSUs and PSAs that are outstanding immediately prior to the Offer Acceptance Time but unvested after giving effect to the vesting acceleration described above are assumed by Celgene and subject to the same terms and conditions (except with respect to the vesting schedule), as applied to each such equity-based award immediately prior to the Effective Time, provided that the number of shares subject to such equity-based awards (and the exercise price in the case of the Options) are adjusted based on the Exchange Ratio. The Exchange Ratio means an amount equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Offer Price, by (ii) the volume weighted average closing price per share of Celgenes common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq) for the fifteen (15) consecutive trading days ending on the complete trading day immediately prior to the Offer Acceptance Time. Following the consummation of the Merger, the Shares ceased to be listed on Nasdaq.On March 6, 2018, Celgene issued a press release announcing the completion of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement (including the description of the consideration payable in connection with the Merger) is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Celgene with the SEC on January 22, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn February 1, 2018, Choice Hotels International, Inc. (the Company), completed its previously announced acquisition (the Transaction) of all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of WoodSpring Hotels Franchise Services LLC (WSFS), pursuant to a Unit Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated as of December 15, 2017, by and among the Company, WoodSpring Hotels LLC and WSFS.TransactionWSFSPurchase AgreementThe purchase price paid at closing (the Closing Purchase Price), funded by a combination of cash on hand and available borrowings, was approximately $231,000,000, reflecting adjustments for cash and indebtedness as well as reductions for transaction expenses payable by WSFS. The Closing Purchase Price is also subject to a customary post-closing adjustment.The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Purchase Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 18, 2017 and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. On February 23, 2018, Clean Harbors, Inc. (the Company) completed its previously announced acquisition of the U.S. Industrial Cleaning Division (the Division) of Veolia Environmental Services North America LLC (Seller). The purchase price was approximately $120 million in cash, subject to customary post-closing adjustments. The Company funded the purchase entirely from the Companys available cash. Further information about the acquisition is set forth in the Companys press release issued on February 28, 2018, a copy of which is filed with this report as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition In addition to reporting the completion of the acquisition described in Item 2.01 of this report, the Companys press release issued on February 28, 2018 announced the Companys results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017. As described in Item 2.01, a copy of that press release is filed with this report as Exhibit 99.1. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (a) and (b) Financial statements of business acquired and pro forma financial information. Under the purchase agreement between the Company and Seller relating to the Companys acquisition of the Division, Seller agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Division to complete, within 45 days following the closing, audited financial statements of the Division as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for the three years ended December 31, 2017. Upon receipt of such financial statements, the Company will determine whether or not the Division satisfies any of the conditions set forth in Rule 1-02(w) of the Regulation S-X, which defines a significant subsidiary. If the Division satisfies any of those conditions at a level exceeding twenty percent (20%), the Company hereby undertakes to file, within 71 days following the filing of this report, an amendment on Form 8-K/A to this report which will include all or such portion of such audited financial statements of the Division, and pro forma combined financial information giving effect to the acquisition, as required by Rule 3-05 and Article 11 of Regulation S-X. (d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are being filed herewith: Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release dated February 28, 2018 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Clean Harbors, Inc. (Registrant) February 28, 2018 /s/ Michael L. Battles Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On December 27, 2017, CNL Healthcare Properties II, Inc. (referred to herein as we, us, our or the Company), through CHP II Partners, LP, our operating partnership and its subsidiaries, completed the acquisition of ground lease interests in the land and a fee simple interest in the improvements which constitute a medical office building located in Overland Park, Kansas (Overland) from MidAmerica Surgery Institute Properties II, LLC (the Seller) for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $14.0 million, excluding closing costs. We are not affiliated with the Seller of Overland. As part of the acquisition, the Company was also granted a license to use the name Mid-America Surgery Institute in connection with identifying and publicizing the Overland property. The Overland medical office building comprises approximately 38,496 square feet and was built in 2007. As of December 27, 2017, Overland is 100 percent leased to a total of five tenants. We funded the purchase of Overland with proceeds from our public offering and proceeds from a loan agreement with Synovus Bank (Synovus), which is described further in Item 2.03 below.Following the closing of the acquisition, Overland will be managed and operated by Holladay Properties Services Midwest, Inc. (Holladay Properties Services), an independent third-party property manager, pursuant to a one-year property management and leasing agreement, which will automatically renew for successive one-year terms, and which may be terminated without penalty under certain circumstances. Pursuant to the property management and leasing agreement, Holladay Property Services will receive a management fee equal to (i) 3% of all rent collected with respect to Overland; plus (ii) a 4% leasing commission on all new leases; (iii) a 2% leasing commission on all existing lease renewals; and (iv) 5% of the amount of any construction contracts equal to or less than $250,000 and 3% of the amount of any construction contracts over $250,000 for which Holladay Property Services provides construction management services.An investment services fee of approximately $315,000, which is equal to 2.25% of the purchase price of Overland was paid to our advisor, CHP II Advisors, LLC, in connection with the acquisition of Overland.A copy of the Companys press release describing the acquisition of Overland is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1.Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On August 31, 2018, CNL Healthcare Properties II, Inc. (referred to herein as we, us, our or the Company) through CHP II Partners, LP, our operating partnership, and its subsidiaries, completed the acquisition of a Class-A seniors housing community located in Riverview, Florida (Riverview) from The Crossings At Riverview, LLC and SSL Riverview, LLC (the Sellers) for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $24,250,000, excluding closing costs. We are not affiliated with the Sellers. Riverview has 92 units (62 assisted living and 30 memory care units) and was constructed in 2015. We funded the purchase of Riverview with proceeds from our public offering and proceeds from a loan agreement with Florida Community Bank, N.A. (FCB), which is described further in Item 2.03 below.Following the closing of the acquisition, Riverview has engaged an independent third-party manager, Foster Development, Inc. (Foster Senior Living), to operate and manage Riverview pursuant to a five-year management agreement, which may be terminated without penalty under certain circumstances. Pursuant to the management agreement, Foster Senior Living will receive a base management fee of 5% based on the gross revenues collected each month with respect to Riverview. Based on certain performance thresholds set forth in the management agreement, Foster Senior Living may also receive an incentive management fee or have the base management fee subordinated.An investment services fee of approximately $0.5 million, which is equal to 2.25% of the purchase price of Riverview was paid to our advisor, CHP II Advisors, LLC, in connection with the acquisition of Riverview.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 16, 2018, the Partnership closed its previously announced acquisition (the Acquisition) of the remaining 95% interest in CNX Midstream DevCo III LP (DevCo III LP), which owns the gathering system and related assets commonly referred to as the Shirley-Penns System, from CNX Gathering LLC (CNX Gathering) in exchange for cash consideration in the amount of $265 million (the Dropdown Transaction). The Partnership funded the cash consideration with proceeds from the sale of the Notes.RelationshipsEach of the Partnership and DevCo III LP is a direct or indirect subsidiary, as applicable, of CNX Gathering, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of CNX Resources Corporation (CNX). As a result, certain individuals, including directors of CNX Midstream GP LLC, the general partner of the Partnership (the General Partner), serve as officers and/or directors of CNX. The General Partner, as the general partner of the Partnership, owns an approximate two percent general partner interest in the Partnership and all of the Partnerships incentive distribution rights. CNX owns 21,692,198 common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership, which represents an approximate 34.1% aggregate limited partner interest in the Partnership.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 3, 2018, CNX Gas Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability (CNX Gas) and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CNX Resources Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), consummated the previously disclosed acquisition (the Acquisition) of a 50% membership interest in CONE Gathering LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CONE Gathering), from NBL Midstream, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Noble), pursuant to that certain Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated as of December 14, 2017, by and between CNX Gas and Noble.CONE Gathering holds 100% of the interests in CNX Midstream GP LLC (f/k/a CONE Midstream GP LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (the General Partner) and the general partner of CNX Midstream Partners LP (f/k/a CONE Midstream Partners LP), a Delaware limited partnership (CNX Midstream). The General Partner, as the general partner of CNX Midstream, owns a two percent general partner interest in CNX Midstream and all of CNX Midstreams incentive distribution rights. As a result of the Acquisition, the Company owns 100% of the outstanding interests in CONE Gathering, making CNX Midstream a single-sponsor master limited partnership.CNX Gas funded the $305 million aggregate purchase price for the Acquisition, which was determined through arms-length negotiation between CNX and Noble, with cash on hand.In connection with the closing of the Acquisition, CNX Midstream changed its name from CONE Midstream Partners LP to CNX Midstream Partners LP and changed its New York Stock Exchange ticker symbol to CNXM. The General Partner also changed its name from CONE Midstream GP LLC to CNX Midstream GP LLC.In addition to the relationship between CNX Gas and Noble created under the Purchase Agreement, certain affiliates of the Company and of Noble have relationships as further described in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the Companys Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2017, June 30, 2017 and September 30, 2017.10-QThe foregoing summary of the Purchase Agreement and the Acquisition does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On August 30, 2018, CNX Gas Company LLC, a Virginia limited liability company (Seller) and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CNX Resources Corporation, a Delaware corporation (CNX), consummated the previously disclosed disposition of certain of the Sellers assets located in the State of Ohio to Ascent ResourcesUtica, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company (Buyer), for a cash purchase price of approximately $400 million, subject to adjustment for certain title and environmental matters (the Transaction), pursuant to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Purchase and Sale Agreement), dated as of June 28, 2018, by and between Seller and Buyer, which was amended on August 29, 2018 by that certain First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Amendment) to address certain administrative matters.The foregoing summary of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Amendment and the Transaction does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report), and the Amendment, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report, each of which is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsTHE CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT AND RELATED TRANSACTIONSThis section describes the material provisions of the Contribution Agreement (as defined below) but does not purport to describe all of the terms thereof. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Joint Venture Interest Contribution Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used below are defined in the Joint Venture Interest Contribution Agreement.The Contribution AgreementOn February 14, 2018 (the Closing Date), the Company consummated the transactions contemplated by that certain Contribution Agreement by and among the Company, CoConnect, and the Sellers.CoConnectPursuant to the Contribution Agreement the Sellers contributed, transferred, assigned and conveyed to the Company all right, title and interest in and to the Contributed Joint Venture Interest, together with any and all rights, privileges, benefits, obligations and liabilities appertaining thereto, reserving unto such Seller no rights or interests therein whatsoever, and (ii) CoConnect accepted the contribution of the Contributed Joint Venture Interest, and in consideration for such contribution the Sellers collectively received from CoConnect the Contribution Considerationcontributed, transferred, assigned and conveyed to the Company all right, title and interest in and to, together with any and all rights, privileges, benefits, obligations and liabilities appertaining thereto, reserving unto suchno rights or interests therein whatsoever, and (ii) CoConnect accepted the contribution of the, and in consideration for such contribution4and consisting of an aggregate of eighty-five percent (85%) of the equity of the Company after distribution. As a result of the Business Combination, the Sellers became the controlling shareholders of the Company and received all of the assets and operations of the Company.In connection with the Business Combination, and as part of the Contribution Agreement, PacificWave Partners and Bennet J. Yankowitz, stockholders of the Company and the Piggyback Parties, have been granted certain piggyback registration allowing the holder to include their shares in such registration, subject to certain marketing and other limitations. As a result, if, commencing one year from the Closing of the Contribution Agreement and ending two (2) years later, whenever we propose to file a registration statement under the Securities Act, other than with respect to a demand registration or a registration statement on Forms S-4 or S-8, the Piggyback Parties are entitled to notice of the registration and have the right to include their shares in the registration, subject to limitations that the underwriters may impose on the number of shares included in the offering and only if their securities are then not tradable pursuant to rule 144.allowing the holder to include their shares in such registration, subject to certain marketing and other limitations. As a result, if, commencing one year from the Closing of the Contribution Agreement and ending two (2) years later, whenever we propose to file a registration statement under the Securities Act, other than with respect to a demand registration or a registration statement on Forms S-4 or S-8, the Piggyback Parties are entitled to notice of the registration and have the right to include their shares in the registration, subject to limitations that the underwriters may impose on the number of shares included in the offering and only if their securities are then not tradable pursuant to rule 144.In connection with the Business Combination, and as part of the Contribution Agreement, Advize and Villanta (each, a Subject Party) made certain covenants regarding non-competition and non-solicitation agreements (the Non-Competition Covenants), in favor of the Company, MM Inc., CoConnect, and their respective successors and subsidiaries (referred to as the Covered Parties). Under the Non-Competition Covenants, the Subject Party and its controlled affiliates will not, without the Companys prior written consent, (a) solicit or attempt to solicit any customer of the Covered Parties, including actively sought prospective customers of Covered Parties as of the Closing, for the purpose of providing products or services that are the same as or similar to the products or services offered or provided by any Covered Parties; (b) act as a director, manager, officer or employee of any business which is the same as or essentially the same as the business conducted by any Covered Parties; or (c) solicit or recruit or attempt to solicit or recruit, directly or by assisting others, any employee of any Covered Parties, whether or not such employee is a full-time employee or a temporary employee of such Covered Parties, whether or not such employment is pursuant to a written agreement and whether or not such employment is for a determined period or is at will, to cease working for such Protected Party; provided that the foregoing will not prevent the placement of any general solicitation for employment not specifically directed towards employees of any Covered Parties or hiring any such person as a result thereof.Non-Competition CovenantsCoConnect,Covered PartiesThe Business Combination will be treated as a reverse acquisition of the Company for financial accounting purposes, MIM JV will be considered the acquirer for accounting purposes, and the historical financial statements of the Company before the Business Combination will be replaced with the historical financial statements of MIM JV and its consolidated entities before the Business Combination in all future filings with the SEC.The issuance of CoConnect Common Stock to the Sellers, in connection with the Business Combination have not been registered under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2), which exempts transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering, and Regulation D and/or Regulation S promulgated by the SEC under that section. These shares may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration.The foregoing description of the Contribution Agreement does not purport to be complete. For further information, please refer to the copy of the Contribution Agreement that is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Report. There are representations and warranties contained in the Contribution Agreement that were made by the parties to each other as of specific dates. The assertions embodied in these representations and warranties were made solely for purposes of the Contribution Agreement and may be subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating their terms. Moreover, some representations and warranties may not be accurate or complete as of any specified date because they are subject to a contractual standard of materiality that is different from certain standards generally applicable to shareholders or were used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather than establishing matters as facts. For these reasons, investors should not rely on the representations and warranties in the Contribution Agreement as statements of factual information.Related AgreementsLock-Up AgreementsPursuant to the Business Combination certain individuals were required to enter into lock-up agreements substantially in the form of lock-up agreement that is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Report, and which is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety.5Assignment and Assumption AgreementsPursuant to the Business Combination the Company, CoConnect and the Sellers entered into an assignment and assumption agreement (the JV Assignment Agreement), pursuant to which the Sellers assigned all of their Membership Interest in the Company to CoConnect, and CoConnect assumed all of the duties, obligation and liabilities of the Sellers and the Company. The foregoing description of the JV Assignment Agreement does not purport to be complete. For further information, please refer to the copy of the JV Assignment Agreement that is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Report.Pursuant to the Business Combination the Company, CoConnect and MM Inc., entered into an assignment and assumption agreement (the LLC Assignment Agreement), pursuant to which the Sellers assigned all of their Membership Interest in the Mastermind Involvement Marketing, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company (MIM LLC) to CoConnect, and CoConnect assumed all of the duties, obligation and liabilities of MM Inc., and MIM LLC. The foregoing description of the LLC Assignment Agreement does not purport to be complete. MIM LLC does not have any assets, liabilities or operations. For further information, please refer to the copy of the LLC Assignment Agreement that is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Report.MIM LLCDESCRIPTION OF BUSINESSOur Corporate HistoryThe Company was formed on January 1, 2012 by MM Inc., the Founding Member, through a contribution of assets. The organization, as governed by the Operating Agreement, was formed for the purpose of engaging in the business of conceiving, developing, selling, marketing, implementing and/or otherwise providing services, systems, platforms and products in the areas of mobile, social, digital and traditional marketing to and for businesses and organizations, and conducting services and functions incidental to the operation of such business.Pursuant to a Joinder to the Operating Agreement January 1, 2017, we granted a thirty percent (30%) interest in the Company to Villanta in consideration of services to be provided to MIM by Michael Gelfond, the CEO of Villanta and our Executive Vice President.Pursuant to a Joinder to the Operating Agreement effective March 1, 2017, we granted a ten percent (10%) interest in the Company to Advize in consideration of services to be provided to the Company by Ricardo Rios, the Managing Member of Advize and our Senior Vice PresidentWe currently operate our business from one leased facility located in Atlanta, Georgia.Our MissionOur mission is to become one of the most well-respected marketing service agencies in the industry capable of involving people with Fortune 500 brands.Our BusinessWe are an involvement marketing service agency that designs, creates and develops branding and marketing campaigns, primarily for large corporate clients with category-leading brands. We specialize in getting consumers and customers to take an action that leads to brand awareness, trial, loyalty, and ultimately advocacy. Our conversion initiatives facilitate the involvement of more of the right customers with the brands of our clients. Our programs can take on various forms, including creating and managing digital content, designing campaign websites/landing pages, social media and viral campaigns, mobile marketing initiatives, and brand communications.We deliver innovative, result-producing campaigns to meet the business objectives of each client through any number, or combination thereof, or cutting edge marketing initiatives:Content marketing;Influencer marketing  earned, owned, and paid;Digital marketing across all screens;Social marketing;Gamification;Promotion marketing6Our most important assets in delivering the highest-quality involvement marketing services to our clients are our highly talented and experienced people made up of technologists, strategists, and creatives who work together and represent a cross-discipline of experts. We pride ourselves in a culture of mutually-shared support and teamwork. We ensure that our team is provided the best-in-class research, equipment, technology and training in all disciplines within our proven delivery process to deliver cutting-edge initiatives the get results. We believe we are very competitive and have a winning culture that is present throughout the work we do for our clients and their brands.Our organization has been structured in a manner to ensure a broad range of thinking, facilitate work flow, and deliver unparalleled marketing initiatives and service to our clients. We have a strong and long-lasting relationships with our clients and tenure of our key executives. Mastermind is organized in 5 key groups:Account management;Creative and development services;Strategy, analytics & research;Technology & campaign management;Agency Management and administrationOur ProcessWe have a proven, five-step cyclical approach to every client engagement that ensures learning from every campaign execution is used to optimize future campaigns. The process involves:1.Research and Testing. - data analysis, shopper journeys, AB/MV, eye-tracking2.Strategy and Planning - objectives, goals, analysis3.Creative- UX, mobile, digital, design thinking, branding4.Campaign Management - Optimization, Management, SEO, PPC & lead gen5.Analytics and Optimization - data analysis, ROI, reporting, dashboardsMastermind process seeks to ensure that there is continual optimization to involve people with brands in ways that inspire them to take action  consideration, trial, loyalty, and advocacy.Industry Background and TrendsWe believe that the communications industry is going through a revolutionary evolution. Technology and big data are combining with creative and strategy across new platforms and communications. Things are moving quickly and Involvement Marketing is an opportunity for brands to reach their constituencies through a plethora of new ways to communicate with its key constituencies in ways that get them to take action. It is essential to understand target audiences and how they are consuming information. Creating brand preference and getting consumers to take an action is essential in growing share for a brand and will continue to be essential in 2018 and beyond.Brands are expected to bring projects in-house or outsource to smaller digital agencies, and a definitive shift in brands choosing to bring creative projects in-house for more control over budgets and resources was seen in 2016. The other trend saw brands cutting ties with bigger agencies and outsourcing work to smaller digital agencies which could deliver more specialized campaigns. It was predicted that in 2017, brands would continue to move away from larger agencies that have in the past offered a one-stop-shop for their advertising needs. With tighter budgets, brands are seeing the cost-effectiveness of having their own studio team and paying salaries versus project-based fees. Likewise, outsourcing to specialized digital outfits for lower, one-off fees is proving more financially sound for brands.The industry will ramp up its use of digital marketing and advertising tools to streamline marketing workflow. As brands and ad agencies continue to leverage multiple channels to capture new audiences, eliminating tedious administrative tasks is high on the agenda. With digital tools, marketers and creatives are managing approval workflow and resources with greater ease and transparency allowing them to stay on top of heavy workloads and multiple projects. Some of the digital tools that the industry is moving towards are:7marketing approval workflow software;agency approval workflow software;project management software;social marketing tools and software;online proofing tools; andresource management software.Not only do these tools cut out time-consuming administration, but they offer greater control and visibility over managing marketing projects as well as streamline marketing workflow.More brands and ad agencies will move towards an agile methodology to enable them to be more flexible in responding to a rapidly changing marketplace. Agile project management was developed as an alternative to the hierarchical project management model, which favors processes and documentation, and longer-term development projection. Agile methodologies, on the other hand, utilize a self-organized team model with greater flexibility in scope, face-to-face collaboration and incremental planning to deliver projects on time and on budget. Experts are expecting to see more marketers and creatives to go agile to remain competitive.To mitigate the risk of brands being called out by regulatory bodies for illegal or unethical practices and tarnishing the brand reputation, more brands will toe the line because their bottom line depends on it. With that said, marketing compliance will be high on the agenda again this year with marketers having to stay on top of compliance issues to mitigate the risk of regulatory violations. Digital tools that enable brands to audit their project work will go a long way in helping businesses to manage their market compliance.While every brand and ad agency needs highly skilled individuals on board, there will be a return to focus on teams to propel businesses forward. Rather than focusing on individuals, it is believed that agency ROIs could benefit by nurturing teams and their skillsets, setting processes that ease heavy workloads, delegating tasks evenly and ensuring morale remains positive. Experts are also warning that departments need to stop working in silos and implement processes and tools that offer greater transparency over the entire business.Experts are also predicting a greater prevalence in native advertising. With ad blocking on the rise, brands need to stay visible in a way that doesnt interrupt the online user experience. Native advertising is a paid advertising placement that is blended seamlessly into a platforms content so that it doesnt interrupt the readers flow. The increasing importance of video is also being heralded. Reports indicate a video can achieve customer conversion rates of up to 60%. The video medium is enjoyable, easy to access and requires little effort for engagement. Live streaming is also providing customers a real time brand experience enabling brands to capitalize on a new revenue stream. Being mobile friendly is also important as growing trends indicate that brands have to wedge themselves firmly in the mobile space to stay relevant.Competitive StrengthsSince our inception, we have worked diligently to establish and leverage key strengths in our business model, including:A culture of innovation and creativity. We believe the only way to survive and thrive in our rapidly changing world is to change ahead of it. We are in a state of constant evolution and reinvention. We have created a culture committed to innovation and creativity that challenges convention and breaks new ground. Our team members are protective and proud of our culture by applying its humble, yet hungry attitude to all facets of our business. Our people and their innovations ultimately provide us with our largest competitive advantage. For example:First-user generated content campaign for UPS;First YouTube influencer marketing campaign for The Home Depot and Citi;First YouTube Influencer Campaign for ExxonMobile;First omni-channel shopping journey studies for Macys, Best Buy, and Staples8Exploitation of Technologic Innovations and Social Marketing ImportanceOur success lies, in part, to our understanding of new technologies especially in the social marketing space and the ability to leverage these technologies in ways that we believe achieve and exceed our clients objectives.Experienced management team and advisors. Our management team not only includes highly experienced entrepreneurs and executives from the digital media, technology and entertainment industries, but also outstanding strategic and creative advisors who are experts in social media and integrated marketing campaigns. See Management for details.Our Growth StrategyAfter more than 34 years of experience by management in delivering innovative involvement marketing campaigns, including more than five years since our formation in January 2012, we believe our business model is market tested and poised for growth. While executing on our business strategy, we believe we have assembled a diverse and experienced team of senior managers, account executives and creative and analytical directors; developed and executed on involvement marketing campaigns which we believe have added value to our clients; and created our own brand-recognition in the marketing service agency industry. Key elements of our strategy to accelerate revenue growth and continue penetration of the marketplace include:Organic GrowthWe seek to work with one of the top three brands in almost every industry with focus on Restaurants, Packaged Goods, Retail, Pharma/OTC, Fuel, Automotive, Healthcare, Grocery/Convenience, and Entertainment. We will continue to use a mix of digital, social, public relations, and personal outreach to facilitate our organic growth.Strategic PartnershipsWe seek to develop strategic partnerships and alliances with companies that can facilitate expansion of our services to Fortune 500 companies having strong and well-recognized brands.Executive Team RecruitmentWe seek to attract talented executives possessing key skills and also relationships with brands which can be accretive to our client portfolio.Accretive AcquisitionsWe seek to acquire companies having the following criteria to supplement our portfolio of clients with the objective of driving our additional near and long-term revenue.Complimentary companies in other major geographical markets;Companies that work with at least one of the top three brands in industries where we do not currently have a significant representative client.Our CustomersWe have experience with what we believe to be some of the industrys most innovative companies possessing what we believe to be well-known brands. Our industry experience includes in the fields of or in respect to:Sports and Entertainment;Oil and Gas;Automotive;Retail;Restaurant;B2B;Financial Services;Hotel and Hospitality;9Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG);Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals;Technology;The Home Depot, Inc;Mercedes-Benz;BMWExxon Mobile Corporation; andAgriChem.We believe the client relationships established in these diverse industries provide us with a competitive edge over the broader market in the adoption of new strategies and leading technologies. Our services are provided pursuant to respective service agreements with a host of clients including:Citigroup Inc.;Bayer Animal Health;Bayer CropScience Ltd;Bayer Drop U.S.;Bayer Drop Global;Harman International Industries, Inc.;Harley-Davidson, Inc.;South University; andHoffmann-La Roche Ltd.Sales and MarketingWe have a business development team that identifies potential clients having well-known brands as well as leveraging relationships with brands with whom our team is familiar. In addition to identifying potential clients, our business development team is responsible for nurturing and maintaining existing relationships to ensure customer satisfaction and to promote follow-up campaign opportunities.Our business development team is composed of industry innovators in the communications business with deep connections and experience in digital, social media, technology, promotions, mobile, analytics and campaign development, implementation and management. Our business development team is led by award-winning executives who are frequent contributors to all-things digital on television, radio, conferences and webinars.Our Revenue ModelWe derive revenues from our clients based on a project-by-project basis pursuant to a Master Services Agreement, which is typically customized to each of our clients. Dependent upon the statement of work which is directed by our clients, projects can vary from small scale platform, infrastructure and application development for influencer channels to large campaign initiatives that are project-based. Fees charged to clients are typically based on project/campaign fees which include retainer- and ongoing-fees negotiated with our clients.CompetitionMastermind competes with agencies owned by large communications holding companies like WPP plc, Omnicom Group, Inc., Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. and Publicis Groupe SA., for leading brands in almost every category.10Government RegulationWe are subject to several U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations that involve matters central to our business. These laws and regulations may involve privacy, data security, advertising, rights of publicity, data protection, content regulation, intellectual property, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, taxation or other subjects. Many of these laws and regulations are still evolving and being tested in courts and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations often are uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate.We are also subject to federal, state and foreign laws regarding privacy and the protection of user data. Foreign data protection, privacy, consumer protection, content regulation and other laws and regulations are often more restrictive than those in the United States. There are also potential federal legislative proposals and various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection, tracking, behavioral advertising and consumer protection that could affect us.In recent years, social media companies, to resolve investigations into various incidents, have entered into settlement agreements and consent decrees with the Federal Trade Commission that, among other things, require them to establish an information security program designed to protect non-public consumer information and also require that they obtain periodic independent security assessments. Violation of any regulatory orders, settlements, or consent decrees into which we may be required to enter could subject us to substantial monetary fines and other penalties that could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.For additional information regarding the laws and regulations that may adversely affect our business, please see the section titled Risk Factors below.EmployeesAs of December 31, 2017, we had 26 contract and full-time employees at our leased facility in Atlanta, Georgia.None of these employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and management considers its relations with its employees to be good.Legal ProceedingsWe are not a party to any other legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business, which we believe will not have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations.Description of PropertiesWe do not own any properties.11RISK FACTORSThe following risk factors apply to the business and operations of the Company. These risk factors are not exhaustive. Investors are encouraged to perform their own investigation with respect to the business, financial condition and prospects of the Company. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information included in this Report. In particular, please refer to the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. We may face additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, which may also impair our business. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to the financial statements included herein.Risks Related to Capital StructureThere is no assurance of an active established public trading market, which would adversely affect the ability of the Companys investors to sell their securities in the public market.Although the Companys common stock is registered under the Exchange Act and is traded on the OTC Market, an active trading market for the securities does not yet exist and may not exist or be sustained in the future. The OTC Market, also known as the Pink Sheets, is an over-the-counter market that provides significantly less liquidity than the NASDAQ Stock Market. Prices for securities traded solely on the OTC Market may be difficult to obtain and holders of common stock may be unable to resell their securities at or near their original offering price or at any price. Market prices for the Companys common stock will be influenced by a number of factors, including:The Companys ability to obtain additional financing and the terms thereof;The Companys financial position and results of operations;Any litigation against the Company;Possible regulatory requirements on the Companys business;The issuance of new debt or equity securities pursuant to a future offering;Competitive developments;Variations and fluctuations in the Companys operating results;Change in financial estimates by securities analysts;The depth and liquidity of the market for the Companys common stock;Investor perceptions of the Company; andGeneral economic and business conditions.Shares eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market price of the Companys common stock, as the future sale of a substantial amount of outstanding stock in the public marketplace could reduce the price of the Companys common stock.In excess of eighty-five percent (85%) of the shares of common stock issued and outstanding are owned by three stockholders who will be eligible to sell some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (Rule 144), subject to certain limitations commencing in one year. Rule 144 also permits the sale of securities, without any limitations, by a non-affiliate that has satisfied a six-month holding period commencing one year after the Company is no longer a shell company. Any substantial sale of common stock pursuant to Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock by creating an excessive supply.The Companys common stock is considered a penny stock and may be difficult to sell.The Companys common stock is considered to be a penny stock since it meets one or more of the definitions in Rules 15g-2 through 15g-6 promulgated under Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. These include but are not limited to the following: (i) the stock trades at a price less than $5.00 per share; (ii) it is NOT traded on a recognized national exchange; (iii) it is NOT quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market, or even if so, has a price less than $5.00 per share; or (iv) it is issued by a company with net tangible assets less than $2.0 million, if in business more than a continuous three years, or with average revenues of less than $6.0 million for the past three years. The12principal result or effect of being designated a penny stock is that securities broker-dealers cannot recommend the stock but must trade in it on an unsolicited basis.Additionally, Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act and Rule 15g-2 promulgated thereunder by the SEC require broker-dealers dealing in penny stocks to provide potential investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated written receipt of the document before effecting any transaction in a penny stock for the investors account.Holders in the Companys common stock are urged to obtain and read such disclosure carefully before purchasing any shares that are deemed to be penny stock. Moreover, Rule 15g-9 requires broker-dealers in penny stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such stocks before selling any penny stock to that investor. This procedure requires the broker-dealer to: (i) obtain from the investor information concerning its financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives; (ii) reasonably determine, based on that information, that transactions in penny stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor has sufficient knowledge and experience as to be reasonably capable of evaluating the risks of penny stock transactions; (iii) provide the investor with a written statement setting forth the basis on which the broker-dealer made the determination in (ii) above; and (iv) receive a signed and dated copy of such statement from the investor, confirming that it accurately reflects the investors financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. Compliance with these requirements may make it more difficult for holders of the Companys common stock to resell their shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose of them in the market or otherwise.The Company does not intend to pay dividends and stockholders may not experience a return on investment without selling their securities.The Company has never declared or paid, nor does it intend in the foreseeable future to declare or pay, any cash dividends on its common stock. Since the Company intends to retain all future earnings to finance the operation and growth of its business, stockholders will likely need to sell their securities in order to realize a return on their investment, if any.As an "emerging growth company" under applicable law, we will be subject to lessened disclosure requirements, which could leave our stockholders without information or rights available to stockholders of more mature companies.For as long as we remain an "emerging growth company" as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act), we have elected to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies" including, but not limited to:not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;taking advantage of an extension of time to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards;reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; andexemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.We expect to take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an "emerging growth company." Because of these lessened regulatory requirements, our stockholders would be left without information or rights available to stockholders of more mature companies.If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our stock.We are a development stage company with limited resources. Therefore, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial13reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. For these reasons, we are considering the costs and benefits associated with improving and documenting our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls and procedures, which includes (i) hiring additional personnel with sufficient U.S. GAAP experience and (ii) implementing ongoing training in U.S. GAAP requirements for our CFO and accounting and other finance personnel. If the results of these efforts are not successful, or if material weaknesses are identified in our internal control over financial reporting, our management will be unable to report favorably as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and/or our disclosure controls and procedures, and we could be required to further implement expensive and time-consuming remedial measures and potentially lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports which could have an adverse effect on our stock price and potentially subject us to litigation.Risks Relating to our Business and IndustryA significant majority of our outstanding ordinary shares are held by a small number of shareholders, which may have significantly greater influence on us due to the size of their shareholdings relative to other shareholders.As of the date of this Report, MM Inc., Advize, and Villanta, beneficially own approximately 51%, 8.5%, 25.5%, respectively, of the outstanding ordinary shares of the Company. These major shareholders have significant influence in determining the outcome of any corporate transactions or other matters submitted to our shareholders for approval, including mergers, consolidations and schemes of arrangement, election and removal of directors and other significant corporate actions. They may not act in our best interests or our minority shareholders interests. In addition, without the consent of these major shareholders, we could be prevented from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us. This concentration of ownership may also discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, which could deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and might reduce the price of our ordinary shares. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders.Digital and Social Marketing is highly competitive, and if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. The econcomy affects corporate spending on digital and social marketing and any downturn could reduce the amount spent in these areas and our revenue.We face formidable competition in every aspect of our business, and particularly from other companies that seek to connect people with information on the web and provide them with relevant advertising including companies that have in-house marketing groups. Currently, we consider our primary competitors to be Sapient Corporation d/b/a Sapient, Razorfish, DigitasLBi, and other digital/social agencies that work with fortune 500 brands. If our competitors are successful in providing similar or better services compared to ours, we could experience a significant decline in revenue.Additionally, many of our competitors are significantly larger than us and have more financial resources to develop new products and programs. Our business could be affected if one of our competitors or a new entrant to the market develops similar products and programs through similar marketing channels. This could result in lower sales as well as pricing competition which could adversely affect the Companys results from operations.We intend to become subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that will require us to incur audit fees and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a profit.We are required to file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In order to comply with these requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm will have to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel will have to review and assist in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted at this time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot be determined at this time and will have a major effect on the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However, the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a profit. We may be exposed to potential risks resulting from any new requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors14could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly.Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended by SEC Release 33-8889 on February 1, 2008 we will be required, beginning with our fiscal year ending November 30, 2010, , to include in our annual report our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Furthermore, in the following year, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to report separately on whether it believes that we have maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting. We have not yet commenced any assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We expect to incur additional expenses and diversion of managements time as a result of performing the system and process evaluation, testing and remediation required in order to comply with the management certification and auditor attestation requirements.We do not have a sufficient number of employees to segregate responsibilities and may be unable to afford increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees. During the course of our testing, we may identify other deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition, if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, effective internal controls, particularly those related to revenue recognition, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly.The capital markets may experience periods of disruption and instability. Such market conditions may materially and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets, which may have a negative impact on our business and operations.Volatility and dislocation in the capital markets can also create a challenging environment in which to raise or access debt capital. The reappearance of market conditions similar to those experienced from 2008 through 2009 for any substantial length of time could make it difficult to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness with similar terms and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. The debt capital that will be available to us in the future, if at all, may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we currently experience including being at a higher cost due to a rising rate environment. If we are unable to raise or refinance debt, then our equity investors may not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make new commitments or to fund existing commitments to our portfolio companies.Significant changes or volatility in the capital markets may also have a negative effect on the valuations of our investments. While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable accounting standards require us to assume as part of our valuation process that our investments are sold in a principal market to market participants (even if we plan on holding an investment through its maturity). Significant changes in the capital markets may also affect the pace of our investment activity and the potential for liquidity events involving our investments. Thus, the illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments to access capital if required, and as a result, we could realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded our investments if we were required to sell them for liquidity purposes. An inability to raise or access capital could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.We operate in an ever evolving industry and changes to it can have a material effect on our business model which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects.We derive nearly all of our revenue from the sale of online marketing and media services, which is an immature industry that has undergone rapid and dramatic changes in its short history. The industry in which we operate is characterized by rapidly-changing Internet media, evolving industry standards, and changing user and client demands. Our business model is also evolving and is distinct from many other companies in our industry, and it may not be successful. As a result of these factors, the future revenue and income potential of our business is uncertain. Although we have experienced significant revenue growth in recent periods, we may not be able to15sustain current revenue levels or growth rates. Any evaluation of our business and our prospects must be considered in light of these factors and the risks and uncertainties often encountered by companies in an immature industry with an evolving business model such as ours. Some of these risks and uncertainties relate to our ability to:maintain and expand client relationships;sustain and increase the number of visitors to our websites;sustain and grow relationships with third-party website publishers and other sources of web visitors;manage our expanding operations and implement and improve our operational, financial and management controls;raise capital at attractive costs, or at all;acquire and integrate websites and other businesses;successfully expand our footprint in our existing client verticals and enter new client verticals;respond effectively to competition and potential negative effects of competition on profit margins;attract and retain qualified management, employees and independent service providers;successfully introduce new processes and technologies and upgrade our existing technologies and services;protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights; andrespond to government regulations relating to the Internet, personal data protection, email, software technologies and other aspects of our business.If we are unable to address these risks, our business, results of operations and prospects could suffer.If we do not effectively manage our growth, our operating performance will suffer and we may lose clients.We have experienced rapid growth in our operations and operating locations, and we expect to experience continued growth in our business, both through acquisitions and internal growth. This growth has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. In particular, continued rapid growth and acquisitions may make it more difficult for us to accomplish the following:successfully scale our technology to accommodate a larger business and integrate acquisitions;maintain our standing with key vendors, including Internet search companies and third-party website publishers;maintain our client service standards; anddevelop and improve our operational, financial and management controls and maintain adequate reporting systems and procedures.In addition, our personnel, systems, procedures and controls may be inadequate to support our future operations. The improvements required to manage our growth will require us to make significant expenditures, expand, train and manage our employee base and allocate valuable management resources. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our operating performance will suffer and we may lose clients, third-party website publishers and key personnel.We depend upon Internet search companies to attract a significant portion of the visitors to our websites, and any change in the search companies search algorithms or perception of us or our industry could result in our websites being listed less prominently in either paid or algorithmic search result listings, in which case the number of visitors to our websites and our revenue could decline.We depend in significant part on various Internet search and social media companies, such as Google, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snap and others to distribute messaging and marketing of our clients. These websites typically allow for viral and paid distribution through algorithmic and paid listings. Algorithmic, or organic, postings/listings are determined and displayed solely by a set of formulas designed by the respective social/search16companies. Paid listings can be purchased and then are displayed if based on a users search/post. Placement on these services is generally not determined solely on the price, but also takes into account the search engines assessment of the quality of website featured in the paid listing and other factors. We rely on both algorithmic and paid results, as well as advertising on other websites, to direct a substantial share of the visitors to our websites.Our ability to maintain the number of visitors to our clients social properties and other websites is not entirely within our control. For example, Internet search websites frequently revise their algorithms in an attempt to optimize their search result listings or to maintain their internal standards and strategies. Changes in the algorithms could cause our websites to receive less favorable placements, which could reduce the number of users who visit our websites/social platforms. If visits/views to our websites/social platforms decrease, we may need to resort to more costly sources to replace lost visitors/engagement, and such increased expense could adversely affect our business and profitability.If we are unable to retain the members of our management team or attract and retain qualified management team members in the future, our business and growth could suffer.Our success and future growth depend, to a significant degree, on the continued contributions of the members of our management team. Each member of our management team is an at-will employee and may voluntarily terminate his or her employment with us at any time with minimal notice. We also may need to hire additional management team members to adequately manage our growing business. We may not be able to retain or identify and attract additional qualified management team members. Competition for experienced management-level personnel in our industry is intense. Qualified individuals are in high demand, particularly in the Internet marketing industry, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. If we lose the services of any of our senior managers or if we are unable to attract and retain additional qualified senior managers, our business and growth could suffer.We need to hire and retain additional qualified personnel to grow and manage our business. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business and growth could be seriously harmed.Our performance depends on the talents and efforts of our employees specifically our CEO, Dan Dodson, EVP Michael Gelfond, and SVP Ricardo Rios. Our future success will depend on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled personnel in all areas of our organization and, in particular, in our engineering/technology, sales and marketing, media, finance and legal/regulatory teams. We plan to continue to grow our business and will need to hire additional personnel to support this growth. We have found it difficult from time to time to locate and hire suitable personnel. If we experience similar difficulties in the future, our growth may be hindered. Qualified individuals are in high demand, particularly in the Internet marketing industry, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. Many of our employees have also become, or will soon become, substantially vested in their stock option grants. Employees may be more likely to leave us following our initial public offering as a result of the establishment of a public market for our common stock. If we are unable to attract and retain the personnel we need to succeed, our business and growth could be harmed.If we fail to compete effectively against other online marketing and media companies and other competitors, we could lose clients and our revenue may decline.The market for online marketing is intensely competitive. We expect this competition to continue to increase in the future. We perceive only limited barriers to entry to the online marketing industry. We compete both for clients and for limited high quality advertising inventory. We compete for clients on the basis of a number of factors, including return on marketing expenditures, price, and client service.We compete with Internet and traditional media companies for a share of clients overall marketing budgets, including:online marketing or media services providers;offline and online advertising agencies;major Internet portals and search engine companies with advertising networks such as Google, Yahoo!, MSN, and AOL;other online marketing service providers, including online affiliate advertising networks and industry-specific portals or lead generation companies;17website publishers with their own sales forces that sell their online marketing services directly to clients;in-house marketing groups at current or potential clients;offline direct marketing agencies; andtelevision, radio and print companies.Competition for web traffic among websites and search engines, as well as competition with traditional media companies, could result in significant price pressure, declining margins, reductions in revenue and loss of market share. In addition, as we continue to expand the scope of our services, we may compete with a greater number of websites, clients and traditional media companies across an increasing range of different services, including in vertical markets where competitors may have advantages in expertise, brand recognition and other areas. Large Internet companies with brand recognition, such as Google, Yahoo!, MSN, and AOL, have significant numbers of direct sales personnel and substantial proprietary advertising inventory and web traffic that provide a significant competitive advantage and have significant impact on pricing for Internet advertising and web traffic. The trend toward consolidation in the Internet advertising arena may also affect pricing and availability of advertising inventory and web traffic. Many of our current and potential competitors also enjoy other competitive advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger client bases, greater access to advertising inventory on high-traffic websites, and significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources. As a result, we may not be able to compete successfully. If we fail to deliver results that are superior to those that other online marketing service providers achieve, we could lose clients and our revenue may decline.If the market for online marketing services fails to continue to develop, our future growth may be limited and our revenue may decrease.The online marketing services market is relatively new and rapidly evolving, and it uses different measurements than traditional media to gauge its effectiveness. Some of our current or potential clients have little or no experience using the Internet for advertising and marketing purposes and have allocated only limited portions of their advertising and marketing budgets to the Internet. The adoption of Internet advertising, particularly by those entities that have historically relied upon traditional media for advertising, requires the acceptance of a new way of conducting business, exchanging information and evaluating new advertising and marketing technologies and services. In particular, we are dependent on our clients adoption of new metrics to measure the success of online marketing campaigns. We may also experience resistance from traditional advertising agencies who may be advising our clients. We cannot assure you that the market for online marketing services will continue to grow. If the market for online marketing services fails to continue to develop or develops more slowly than we anticipate, our ability to grow our business may be limited and our revenue may decrease.Third-party website publishers can engage in unauthorized or unlawful acts that could subject us to significant liability or cause us to lose clients.We generate a significant portion of our web visitors from media advertising that we purchase from third-party website publishers. Some of these publishers are authorized to display our clients brands, subject to contractual restrictions. In the past, some of our third-party website publishers have engaged in activities that certain of our clients have viewed as harmful to their brands, such as displaying outdated descriptions of a clients offerings or outdated logos. Any activity by publishers that clients view as potentially damaging to their brands can harm our relationship with the client and cause the client to terminate its relationship with us, resulting in a loss of revenue. In addition, the law is unsettled on the extent of liability that an advertiser in our position has for the activities of third-party website publishers. We could be subject to costly litigation and, if we are unsuccessful in defending ourselves, damages for the unauthorized or unlawful acts of third-party website publishers.Poor perception of our business or industry as a result of the actions of third parties could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.Our business is dependent on attracting a large number of visitors to our websites and providing leads and clicks to our clients, which depends in part on our reputation within the industry and with our clients. There are companies within our industry that regularly engage in activities that our clients customers may view as unlawful or inappropriate. These activities, such as spyware or deceptive promotions, by third parties may be seen by clients as characteristic of participants in our industry and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the reputation of all18participants in our industry, including us. Any damage to our reputation, including from publicity from legal proceedings against us or companies that work within our industry, governmental proceedings, consumer class action litigation, or the disclosure of information security breaches or private information misuse, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.Because many of our client contracts can be cancelled by the client with little prior notice or penalty, the cancellation of one or more contracts could result in an immediate decline in our revenue.We derive our revenue from contracts with our Internet marketing clients, most of which are cancelable with little or no prior notice. In addition, these contracts do not contain penalty provisions for cancellation before the end of the contract term. The non-renewal, renegotiation, cancellation, or deferral of large contracts, or a number of contracts that in the aggregate account for a significant amount of our revenue, is difficult to anticipate and could result in an immediate decline in our revenue.Unauthorized access to or accidental disclosure of consumer personally-identifiable information that we collect may cause us to incur significant expenses and may negatively impact our credibility and business.There is growing concern over the security of personal information transmitted over the Internet, consumer identity theft and user privacy. Despite our implementation of security measures, our computer systems may be susceptible to electronic or physical computer break-ins, viruses and other disruptions and security breaches. Any perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of personally-identifiable information regarding website visitors, whether through breach of our network by an unauthorized party, employee theft, misuse or error or otherwise, could harm our reputation, impair our ability to attract website visitors and attract and retain our clients, or subject us to claims or litigation arising from damages suffered by consumers, and thereby harm our business and operating results. In addition, we could incur significant costs in complying with the multitude of state, federal and foreign laws regarding the unauthorized disclosure of personal information.If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position and business may suffer.Our ability to compete effectively depends upon our proprietary systems and technology. We rely on trade secret, trademark and copyright law, confidentiality agreements, technical measures and patents to protect our proprietary rights. We currently have one patent application pending in the United States and no issued patents. Effective trade secret, copyright, trademark and patent protection may not be available in all countries where we currently operate or in which we may operate in the future. Some of our systems and technologies are not covered by any copyright, patent or patent application. We cannot guarantee that: (i) our intellectual property rights will provide competitive advantages to us; (ii) our ability to assert our intellectual property rights against potential competitors or to settle current or future disputes will not be limited by our agreements with third parties; (iii) our intellectual property rights will be enforced in jurisdictions where competition may be intense or where legal protection may be weak; (iv) any of the patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights that we presently employ in our business will not lapse or be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, or abandoned; (v) competitors will not design around our protected systems and technology; or (vi) that we will not lose the ability to assert our intellectual property rights against others.If we are unable to price our services appropriately, our margins and revenue may decline.Our clients purchase our services according to a variety of pricing formulae, the vast majority of which are based on pay for performance, meaning clients pay only after we have delivered the desired result to them. Regardless of how a given client pays us, we ordinarily pay the vast majority of the costs associated with delivering our services to our clients according to contracts and other arrangements that do not always condition payment to vendors upon receipt of payments from our clients. This means we typically pay for the costs of providing our marketing services before we receive payment from clients. Additionally, certain of our marketing services costs are highly variable and may fluctuate significantly during each calendar month. Accordingly, we run the risk of not being able to recover the entire cost of our services from clients if pricing or other terms negotiated prior to the performance of services prove less than the cost of performing such services. We have experienced situations in the past where we incurred losses in the delivery of our services to specific clients. If we are unable to avoid recurrence of similar situations in the future through negotiation of profitable pricing and other terms, our results of operations will suffer.19Changes in government regulation and industry standards applicable to the Internet and our business could decrease demand for our technologies and services or increase our costs.Laws and regulations that apply to Internet communications, commerce and advertising are becoming more prevalent. These regulations could increase the costs of conducting business on the Internet and could decrease demand for our technologies and services.In the United States, federal and state laws have been enacted regarding copyrights, sending of unsolicited commercial email, user privacy, search engines, Internet tracking technologies, direct marketing, data security, childrens privacy, pricing, sweepstakes, promotions, intellectual property ownership and infringement, trade secrets, export of encryption technology, taxation and acceptable content and quality of goods. Other laws and regulations may be adopted in the future. Laws and regulations, including those related to privacy and use of personal information, are changing rapidly outside the United States as well which may make compliance with such laws and regulations difficult and which may negatively affect our ability to expand internationally. This legislation could: (i) hinder growth in the use of the Internet generally; (ii) decrease the acceptance of the Internet as a communications, commercial and advertising medium; (iii) reduce our revenue; (iv) increase our operating expenses; or (v) expose us to significant liabilities.The laws governing the Internet remain largely unsettled, even in areas where there has been some legislative action. While we actively monitor this changing legal and regulatory landscape to stay abreast of changes in the laws and regulations applicable to our business, we are not certain how our business might be affected by the application of existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, copyrights, encryption and other intellectual property issues, libel, obscenity and export or import matters to the Internet advertising industry. The vast majority of such laws were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet. As a result, they do not contemplate or address the unique issues of the Internet and related technologies. Changes in laws intended to address such issues could create uncertainty in the Internet market. It may take years to determine how existing laws apply to the Internet and Internet marketing. Such uncertainty makes it difficult to predict costs and could reduce demand for our services or increase the cost of doing business as a result of litigation costs or increased service delivery costs.Limitations on our ability to collect and use data derived from user activities could significantly diminish the value of our services and cause us to lose clients and revenue.When a user visits our websites, we use technologies, including cookies, to collect information such as the users Internet Protocol, or IP, address, offerings delivered by us that have been previously viewed by the user and responses by the user to those offerings. In order to determine the effectiveness of a marketing campaign and to determine how to modify the campaign, we need to access and analyze this information. The use of cookies has been the subject of regulatory scrutiny and users are able to block or delete cookies from their browser. Periodically, certain of our clients and publishers seek to prohibit or limit our collection or use of this data. Interruptions, failures or defects in our data collection systems, as well as privacy concerns regarding the collection of user data, could also limit our ability to analyze data from our clients marketing campaigns. This risk is heightened when we deliver marketing services to clients in the financial and medical services client verticals. If our access to data is limited in the future, we may be unable to provide effective technologies and services to clients and we may lose clients and revenue.As a creator and a distributor of Internet content, we face potential liability and expenses for legal claims based on the nature and content of the materials that we create or distribute. If we are required to pay damages or expenses in connection with these legal claims, our operating results and business may be harmed.We create original content for our websites and marketing messages and distribute third-party content on our websites and in our marketing messages. As a creator and distributor of original content and third-party provided content, we face potential liability based on a variety of theories, including defamation, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement or other legal theories based on the nature, creation or distribution of this information. It is also possible that our website visitors could make claims against us for losses incurred in reliance upon information provided on our websites. In addition, as the number of users of forums and social media features on our websites increases, we could be exposed to liability in connection with material posted to our websites by users and other third parties. These claims, whether brought in the United States or abroad, could divert management time and attention away from our business and result in significant costs to investigate and defend, regardless of the merit of these claims. In addition, if we become subject to these types of claims and are not successful in our defense, we may be forced to pay substantial damages.reliance upon information provided on our websites. In addition, as the number of users of forums and social media features on our websites increases, we could be exposed to liability in connection with material posted to our websites by users and other third parties. These claims, whether brought in the United States or abroad, could divert management time and attention away from our business and result in significant costs to investigate and defend, regardless of the merit of these claims. In addition, if we become subject to these types of claims and are not successful in our defense, we may be forced to pay substantial damages.20We rely on Internet bandwidth and data center providers and other third parties for key aspects of the process of providing services to our clients, and any failure or interruption in the services and products provided by these third parties could harm our business.We rely on third-party vendors, including data center and Internet bandwidth providers. Any disruption in the network access or co-location services provided by these third-party providers or any failure of these third-party providers to handle current or higher volumes of use could significantly harm our business. Any financial or other difficulties our providers face may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which we cannot predict. We exercise little control over these third-party vendors, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. We license technology and related databases from third parties to facilitate analysis and storage of data and delivery of offerings. We have experienced interruptions and delays in service and availability for data centers, bandwidth and other technologies in the past. Any errors, failures, interruptions or delays experienced in connection with these third-party technologies and services could adversely affect our business and could expose us to liabilities to third parties.Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could impair our ability to effectively deliver our services, which could cause us to lose clients and harm our operating results.Our delivery of marketing and media services depends on the continuing operation of our technology infrastructure and systems. Any damage to or failure of our systems could result in interruptions in our ability to deliver offerings quickly and accurately and/or process visitors responses emanating from our various web presences. Interruptions in our service could reduce our revenue and profits, and our reputation could be damaged if people believe our systems are unreliable. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, break-ins, hardware or software failures, telecommunications failures, computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems, and similar events.Any constraints on the capacity of our technology infrastructure could delay the effectiveness of our operations or result in system failures, which would result in the loss of clients and harm our business and results of operations.Our future success depends in part on the efficient performance of our software and technology infrastructure. As the numbers of websites and Internet users increase, our technology infrastructure may not be able to meet the increased demand. A sudden and unexpected increase in the volume of user responses could strain the capacity of our technology infrastructure. Any capacity constraints we experience could lead to slower response times or system failures and adversely affect the availability of websites and the level of user responses received, which could result in the loss of clients or revenue or harm to our business and results of operations.We could lose clients if we fail to detect click-through or other fraud on advertisements in a manner that is acceptable to our clients.We are exposed to the risk of fraudulent clicks or actions on our websites or our third-party publishers websites. We may in the future have to refund revenue that our clients have paid to us and that was later attributed to, or suspected to be caused by, fraud. Click-through fraud occurs when an individual clicks on an ad displayed on a website or an automated system is used to create such clicks with the intent of generating the revenue share payment to the publisher rather than to view the underlying content. Action fraud occurs when on-line forms are completed with false or fictitious information in an effort to increase the compensable actions in respect of which a web publisher is to be compensated. From time to time we have experienced fraudulent clicks or actions and we do not charge our clients for such fraudulent clicks or actions when they are detected. It is conceivable that this activity could negatively affect our profitability, and this type of fraudulent act could hurt our reputation. If fraudulent clicks or actions are not detected, the affected clients may experience a reduced return on their investment in our marketing programs, which could lead the clients to become dissatisfied with our campaigns, and in turn, lead to loss of clients and the related revenue. Additionally, we have from time to time had to terminate relationships with web publishers who we believed to have engaged in fraud and we may have to do so in future. Termination of such relationships entails a loss of revenue associated with the legitimate actions or clicks generated by such web publishers.Limitations on director and officer liability and our indemnification of our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing suit against a director.Our articles of incorporation and bylaws provide, as permitted by Nevada corporation law, that a director or officer shall not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer,21except for acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing suit against a director for breach of fiduciary duty and may reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation brought by stockholders on our behalf against a director. In addition, our amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws require indemnification of directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law.22MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONSForward-Looking StatementsThe following discussion and analysis should be read it in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the related notes filed hereafter as Exhibit 99.1. The discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our future plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Report, particularly in Risk Factors.OverviewOur company was formed on January 1, 2012 by MM Inc. the Founding Member, through a contribution of assets. The organization, as governed by the Written Operating Agreement dated January 1, 2012, was formed for the purpose of engaging in the business of conceiving, developing, selling, marketing, implementing and/or otherwise providing services, systems, platforms and products in the areas of mobile, social, digital and traditional marketing to and for businesses and organizations, and conducting services and functions incidental to the operation of such business. Effective January 1, 2017 and March 1, 2017, we granted a thirty percent (30%) and ten percent (10%) interest to Villanta and Advize respectively. in consideration of services to be provided to us.We are an involvement marketing service agency, whose mission is to become one of the most well-respected marketing service agencies in the industry capable of involving people with Fortune 500 brands that designs, creates and develops branding and marketing campaigns, primarily for large corporate clients with category-leading brands. We specialize in getting consumers and customers to take an action that leads to brand awareness, trial, loyalty, and ultimately advocacy. Our conversion initiatives facilitate the involvement of more of the right customers with the brands of our clients. Our programs can take on various forms, including creating and managing digital content, designing campaign websites/landing pages, social media and viral campaigns, mobile marketing initiatives, brand communications and search engine optimization. We deliver innovative, result-producing campaigns to meet the business objectives of each client through any number, or combination thereof, or cutting edge marketing initiatives.Our most important assets in delivering the highest-quality involvement marketing services to our clients are our highly talented and experienced people made up of technologists, strategists, account service, paid media and creatives who work together and represent a cross-discipline of experts. We pride ourselves in a culture of mutually-shared support and teamwork. We ensure that our team is provided the best-in-class research, equipment, technology and training in all disciplines within our proven delivery process to deliver cutting-edge initiatives the get results. We are very competitive and have a winning culture that is present throughout the work we do for our clients and their brands.Our organization has been structured in a manner to ensure a broad range of thinking, facilitate work flow, and deliver unparalleled marketing initiatives and service to our clients. This is proven by strong and long-lasting relationships with our clients and tenure of our key executives. We have a proven, five-step cyclical approach to every client engagement that ensures learning from every campaign execution is used to optimize future campaigns.After more than 34 years of experience in delivering innovative involvement marketing campaigns, including more than five years since our formation in January 2012, we believe our business model is market tested and poised for growth. While executing on our business strategy, we believe we have assembled a diverse and experienced team of senior managers, account executives and creative and analytical directors; developed and executed on involvement marketing campaigns which we believe have added value to our clients; and created our own brand-recognition in the marketing service agency industry. Key elements of our strategy to accelerate revenue growth and continue penetration of the marketplace include organic growth, strategic partnerships, recruitment of talented executives, and accretive acquisitions.We have relationships with what we believe to be some of the industrys most innovative companies, including Fortune 500 companies, in a diverse spectrum of industries possessing what we believe to be well-known brands. We believe the client relationships established within these diverse industries provide us with a competitive edge over the broader market in the adoption of new strategies and leading technologies. We generate revenues from project/campaign-based fees charged to our clients pursuant to client-specific service agreements.Through the efforts of our business development team, we identify potential clients having well-known brands23as well as leveraging relationships with brands with whom our team is familiar. In addition to identifying potential clients, our senior management team is responsible for nurturing and maintaining existing relationships to ensure customer satisfaction and to promote follow-up campaign opportunities. Our business development team is composed of industry innovators in the communications business with deep connections and experience in digital, social media, technology, promotions, mobile, analytics and campaign development, implementation and management. Our business development team is led by award-winning executives who are frequent contributors to all-things digital on television, radio, conferences and webinars.Results of OperationsFiscal Year Ended September 30, 2017 vs. September 30, 2016RevenuesRevenues for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 were $4,264,923 as compared with $3,253,317 for the comparable prior year period, an increase of $1,011,606 or 31.1%. The increase is attributable to increasing project revenues from certain significant customers during the fiscal year ended September 31, 2017 as compared to the comparable prior year period.Gross MarginsGross margins for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 were $3,283,467 or 77.0% of revenues, compared with $2,369,049 or 72.8% of revenues, for the comparable prior year period. The increase in gross margin dollars and gross margin as a percentage of revenues is primarily due to certain projects in the prior fiscal year containing greater contractual out of pocket cost requirements as a percentage of the projects in the aggregate thereby adversely affecting our overall gross margins. The current fiscal year projects contain less contractually agreed upon out of pocket costs as a percentage of projects in the aggregate thereby having a favorable effect on our gross margins.General and Administrative ExpensesGeneral and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 were $2,267,213 as compared with $2,251,306 for the comparable prior year period, an increase of $15,907 or 1.0%. Our general and administrative expenses remain relatively stable as a result of a stable workforce and the employment of strict cost control measures to ensure stability in our operating expenses.Interest (Expense), Net of Interest IncomeInterest (expense), net of interest income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 was $22,230 as compared with $15,980 for the comparable prior year period, an increase of $6,250 or 39.1%. Interest expense is composed primarily of $24,648 and $18,859 of interest expense recognized on our related party note payable during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.Liquidity and Capital ResourcesAs of September 30, 2017, we had cash of $545,904, an increase of $169,949 when compared with a balance of $375,955 as of September 30, 2016.During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, we had net cash inflows of $598,873 from operating activities as compared with net cash inflows of $16,436 for the comparable prior year period. Our uses of cash for operating activities have primarily consisted of salaries and wages for our employees; costs incurred in connection with performance on client projects; facility and facility-related costs, material and professional fees. The sources of our cash flows from operating activities have consisted primarily of payments received from clients in connection with the performance on contractually agreed-upon projects. Net cash flows provided by operating activities increased by $582,473, as compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to net income generated during the period. These cash inflows were offset by (i) increases in accounts receivable from normal billings to clients; and (ii) decreases in unearned revenue resulting from collections on certain client projects which exceeded the revenue recognizable on these client projects.During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, we had net cash outflows of $307,638 from investing activities as compared with net cash outflows of $218,920 for the comparable prior year period. The net cash outflows during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 are a result of dividends paid to our members in the amount of $300,000 and $200,000, respectively, and the purchase of computers and office equipment in the amount of $7,638 and $18,920, respectively.24During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, we had net cash outflows of $121,286 from financing activities as compared to net cash inflows of $41,574. The net cash provided from financing activities of $41,574 during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 is due to borrowings on the related party note. The net cash used by financing activities of $121,286 during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 is due to repayments of principal on the related party note.The ability to attract additional capital investments in the future will depend on many factors, including the availability of credit, rate of revenue growth, ability to acquire new client opportunities, the timing of new product introductions and enhancements to existing products, and the opportunities to acquire complimentary businesses that may be made available to us from time-to-time. We believe that as of September 30, 2017 our cash position and cash flows from our fiscal 2018 operations will be sufficient to fund our working capital and planned strategic activities for at least the next twelve months.Any potential future sale of equity or debt securities may result in dilution to our stockholders, and we cannot be certain that additional public or private financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we are required to raise additional financing, but are unable to obtain such financing, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more aspects of our operations or business development activities.Off-Balance Sheet ArrangementsAs of September 30, 2017, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.25SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENTThe following table sets forth information known to the Company regarding beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares immediately following consummation of the Business Combination on February 14, 2018.Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. In accordance with SEC rules, shares of our Common Stock which may be acquired upon exercise of stock options or warrants which are currently exercisable or which become exercisable within 60 days of the date of the applicable table below are deemed beneficially owned by the holders of such options and warrants and are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of any other person. Subject to community property laws, where applicable, the persons or entities named in the tables below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock indicated as beneficially owned by them.The business address of each person listed below is c/o Mastermind Marketing, Inc., 1450 W. Peachtree Street NW, Atlanta, GA 30309.Name of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Mastermind Marketing, Inc. (1) 17,542,055 51% Digital Advize, LLC (2) 2,923,676 8.5% Villanta Corporation (3) 8,771,028 25.5% Total 29,236,759 85% (1) The principle of MM Inc. is Daniel A. Dodson. (2) The principle of Advize is Ricardo Rios. (3) The principle of Villanta is Michael Gelfond.Name of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of ClassAmount and Nature of Beneficial OwnershipPercent of ClassMastermind Marketing, Inc. (1) 17,542,055 51%17,542,05551%Digital Advize, LLC (2) 2,923,676 8.5%2,923,6768.5%Villanta Corporation (3) 8,771,028 25.5%8,771,02825.5%Total 29,236,759 85%29,236,75985%(1) The principle of MM Inc. is Daniel A. Dodson. (2) The principle of Advize is Ricardo Rios. (3) The principle of Villanta is Michael Gelfond.(1) The principle of MM Inc. is Daniel A. Dodson.(2) The principle of Advize is Ricardo Rios.(3) The principle of Villanta is Michael Gelfond.Change of ControlAs a result of the issuance of the shares pursuant to the Business Combination and related transactions, a change in control of the Company occurred as of February 14, 2018. Except as described in this Report, no arrangements or understandings exist among present or former controlling shareholders with respect to the election of members of our Board and, to our knowledge, no other arrangements exist that might result in a change of control of the Company.26DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONSDirectors and Executive OfficersBelow are the names of and certain information regarding the Companys current executive officers and directors who were appointed effective as of the closing of the Business Combination:Name Age Positions Held with the Registrant Daniel A. Dodson 58 Director, Chief Executive Officer Michael Gelfond 45 Executive Vice President Ricardo Rios 42 Senior Vice PresidentName Age Positions Held with the RegistrantAgePositions Held with the RegistrantDaniel A. Dodson 58 Director, Chief Executive Officer58Director, Chief Executive OfficerMichael Gelfond 45 Executive Vice President45Executive Vice PresidentRicardo Rios 42 Senior Vice President42Senior Vice PresidentBiographies of Directors and Executive OfficersDaniel A. Dodson. Mr. Dodson has served as chief executive officer and sole director of the Company since January 1, 2012, the date of our inception and is sole director of CoConnect since February 14, 2018. In 1984, Mr. Dodson was the founder, sole owner and president of National Promotion Services which was subsequently renamed Mastermind Marketing, Inc. and continues to be its president and sole owner. Mr. Dodson is considered an involvement marketing expert with demonstrated ability to leverage social, mobile, digital and promotion to facilitate the engagement of people with well-known brands to achieve increased client revenues and delivery of measurable returns on marketing investments. Mr. Dodson has been published in numerous trade publications and has been an invited speaker on the subject of involvement marketing at conferences and trade shows around the world. Mr. Dodson received his BBA in Accounting from Georgia State University in 1982.Michael Gelfond. Mr. Gelfond was appointed as our Executive Vice President in February 2018. From July 2010 through February 2017, Mr. Gelfond was Executive Vice President and Partner at Mastermind Marketing, Inc. Prior to July 2010, Mr. Gelfond was one of the founders and Vice President of Creative Digital Group, which was formed in February 2002 and sold to Digtias/LBi, a major independent global interactive agency, in May 2007. From July 1995 to 2002, Mr. Gelfond was Sr. Account Manager with iXL, a global digital agency with over 3000 offices. Mr. Gelfond is an award-winning leader in the digital marketing industry with a proven track record of results with his clients. Since 2005, Mr. Gelfond has been a member of the Board of Directors Ians Friends Foundation, a pediatric brain cancer lab funding charity, and since 2016, a member of the Board of Directors of Read with Malcolm, which was founded by Malcolm Mitchell, a member of the New England Patriots football organization. Mr. Gelfond received his BA degree from the University of Georgia in May 1995. Mr. Gelfond is an award-winning, conference speaker/contributor on radio and TV on all matters of digital marketing. A 2010 winner of Atlanta 40 Under 40 award, Mr. Gelfond has proven track record of results with his clients.Ricardo Rios. Mr. Rios was appointed as Senior Vice President of the Company in May 2016 and of CoConnect in February, 2018. From November 2010 through July 2015, Mr. Rios was Vice President of Digital Marketing for Citi Retail Services, a division of Citigroup. Prior to November 2010, Mr. Rios held various positions in the digital marketing and marketing agency industry. Mr. Rios received his Bachelors degree in Business Administration with a major in Finance from the University of Arizona in December 1998.Code of EthicsThe Company currently has not adopted a written code of ethics. We intend to implement a comprehensive corporate governance program, including adopting a Code of Ethics.Audit CommitteeWe have no separate audit committee currently. The entire Board oversees our audits and auditing procedures.Director IndependenceWe are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the Board be independent and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our Board comprised of a majority of Independent Directors.27EXECUTIVE COMPENSATIONThis section discusses the material components of the fiscal 2017 executive compensation program for our named executive officers. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs.The following table provides information regarding the compensation awarded to, or earned by, the named executive officers for fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 while at the Company.Named Executive Officer Fiscal Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) All Other Compensation ($) (1) Total ($) Daniel J. Dodson 2017 $ 56,690 $ - $ - $ - $ 212,509 $ 269,199 Chief Executive Officer 2016 24,870 - - - 269,870 294,740 Michael Gelfond 2017 $ 87,458 $ - $ - $ - $ 95,626 $ 183,084 Executive Vice President 2016 70,121 - - - 70,457 140,578 Ricardo Rios 2017 $ 17,745 $ - $ - $ - $ 164,467 $ 182,212 Senior Vice President 2016 - - - - 69,400 69,400Named Executive Officer Fiscal Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) All Other Compensation ($) (1) Total ($)Fiscal YearSalary ($)Bonus ($)Stock Awards ($)Option Awards ($)All Other Compensation ($) (1)($) (1)Total ($)($)Daniel J. Dodson 2017 $ 56,690 $ - $ - $ - $ 212,509 $ 269,1992017$ 56,69056,690$ --$ --$ --$ 212,509212,509$ 269,199269,199Chief Executive Officer 2016 24,870 - - - 269,870 294,740201624,870---269,870294,740Michael Gelfond 2017 $ 87,458 $ - $ - $ - $ 95,626 $ 183,0842017$ 87,45887,458$ --$ --$ --$ 95,62695,626$ 183,084183,084Executive Vice President 2016 70,121 - - - 70,457 140,578201670,121---70,457140,578Ricardo Rios 2017 $ 17,745 $ - $ - $ - $ 164,467 $ 182,2122017$ 17,74517,745$ --$ --$ --$ 164,467164,467$ 182,212182,212Senior Vice President 2016 - - - - 69,400 69,4002016----69,40069,400(1)All other compensation includes (i) consulting fees paid, pursuant to the terms of our operating agreement, to MM Inc. which is owned by Daniel J. Dodson; Villanta, which is owned by Michael Gelfond; and Advize, which is owned by Ricardo Rios; and (ii) health benefits paid on behalf of the named executive officers by us. All other compensation consists of the following:a.Daniel J. Dodson: Consulting fees of $201,500 and $252,525, and health benefits of $11,009 and $17,345 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.b.Michael Gelfond: Consulting fees of $88,333 and $69,790, and health benefits of $7,293 and $667 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.c.Ricardo Rios: Consulting fees of $162,081 and $0, and health benefits of $2,386 and $0 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.Employment Agreements and Other Arrangements with Named Executive OfficersNone. However, these executives expect to enter into employment agreement with CoConnect in the near future.CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONSOn January 3, 2012, we entered into a perpetual license agreement (the Perpetual License) with Mastermind Marketing, Inc. (the Licensor), which provides for licenses of trademarks, internet domains, and certain intellectual property as defined in the Perpetual License. The Licensor is one of our members and its chief executive officer is also our chief executive officer. The Perpetual License, which may be terminated at any time by either party, is effective January 3, 2012 and provides for aggregate payments of $2,170,000 over the calendar years from 2019 through 2039 with no further payments required after December 31, 2039. During the fiscal year ended and as of September 30, 2017 and 2016, there were no license fee payments required or payable.On January 3, 2014, we entered into a commercial lease agreement (the Lease) with 1450 West Peachtree, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company (the Landlord), for the lease of our corporate facility in Atlanta, Georgia. In connection with the Lease, we have entered into a sublease agreement which provides for the sublease of 9,000 square feet of the total 15,000 of the demised property. The sublessor is not a related party. The manager of the Landlord is also our chief executive officer. The term of the lease is 10 years from the date of the agreement and provides for monthly rent and payment of operating expenses on a triple-net basis. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, we made lease payments of $120,000 and $120,000, respectively, to the Landlord in satisfaction of our obligation pursuant to the Lease, net of payments made by the sublessee.During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, the sublessee to the Lease remitted $13,550 to us for the benefit of the Landlord. In December 2017, we remitted this payment to the Landlord. As of September 30, 2017 and 2016, we recorded approximately $13,550 and $13,486, respectively, as a related party payable in our balance sheet.28On December 12, 2016, we executed a promissory note (the Note), in the principal amount of $500,000, with Mastermind Marketing, Inc. The principal of the Note, including all accrued interest, is due and payable on December 12, 2018. During the term of the Note, interest is payable monthly at a rate equal to the greater of 3.75% per annum or the prime rate published in the Wall Street Journal on the last day of the month plus one-half percent (1/2%), however the interest rate will not exceed 5.5% per annum. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, we recorded interest expense of $24,648 and $18,859, respectively. As of September 30, 2017 and 2016 we recorded no accrued interest. As of September 30, 2017 and 2016, the principal balance outstanding was $212,290 and $333,512, respectively.During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, we made payments to our three members pursuant to the terms of our operating agreement, as amended, for services rendered to us. The total payments made to our three members during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 aggregated $451,914 and $391,715, respectively. As of September 30, 2017 and 2016, we had no obligations payable to our three members for consulting services.29MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERSOur common stock is quoted on the OTC Market under the symbol CCON. There is very limited trading of our common stock. The stock market in general has experienced extreme stock price fluctuations in the past few years. In some cases, these fluctuations have been unrelated to the operating performance of the affected companies. Many companies have experienced dramatic volatility in the market prices of their common stock. We believe that a number of factors, both within and outside our control, could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate, perhaps substantially. Factors such as the following could have a significant adverse impact on the market price of our common stock:Our ability to obtain additional financing and the terms thereof;Our financial position and results of operations;Any litigation against us;Possible regulatory requirements on our business;The issuance of new debt or equity securities pursuant to a future offering;Changes in interest rates;Competitive developments;Variations and fluctuations in our operating results;Change in financial estimates by securities analysts;The depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock;Investor perceptions of us; andGeneral economic and business conditions.The following table sets forth the high and low bid quotations for our common stock for each of the last two fiscal years, as reported on the OTC Market. Quotations from the OTC Market reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.Year Ended 2017 High Low 4th Quarter $ 5.50 $ 5.00 3rd Quarter 7.00 5.00 2nd Quarter 7.00 2.50 1st Quarter 6.00 1.00Year Ended 2017Year Ended 2017High LowHighLow4th Quarter $ 5.50 $ 5.00$ 5.505.50$ 5.005.003rd Quarter 7.00 5.007.005.002nd Quarter 7.00 2.507.002.501st Quarter 6.00 1.006.001.00Year Ended 2016 High Low 4th Quarter $ 5.00 $ 4.00 3rd Quarter 5.00 3.00 2nd Quarter 4.90 3.00 1st Quarter 5.00 4.00Year Ended 2016Year Ended 2016High LowHighLow4th Quarter $ 5.00 $ 4.00$ 5.005.00$ 4.004.003rd Quarter 5.00 3.005.003.002nd Quarter 4.90 3.004.903.001st Quarter 5.00 4.005.004.00Dividend PolicyOur dividend policy is determined by our Board of Directors and depends upon a number of factors, including our financial condition and performance, its cash needs and expansion plans, income tax consequences, and the restrictions that applicable laws and any credit or other contractual arrangements may then impose. CoConnect has30not paid any cash dividends on the common stock. The Company has paid dividends in the past, but at the current time we do not anticipate paying a cash dividend on our common stock in the foreseeable future.DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIESThe following description of our common stock and provisions of our articles of incorporation and our bylaws, each of which will be in effect prior to the completion of the Business Combination, are summaries and are qualified by reference to the articles of incorporation and the bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to this Current Form 8-K.Our current authorized capital stock consists of five billion (5,000,000,000) shares of stock consisting of (a) four billion nine hundred and ninety nine million (4,999,000,000) shares of common stock, par value, $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) and (b) one million shares (1,000,000) of preferred stock (the Preferred Stock).Preferred StockCommon StockAt any general meeting on a show of hands every ordinary shareholder who is present in person (or, in the case of a shareholder being a corporation, by its duly authorized representative) or by proxy will have one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Voting at any meeting of the ordinary shareholders is by show of hands unless a poll is demanded. A poll may be demanded by shareholders present in person or by proxy if the shareholder disputes the outcome of the vote on a proposed resolution and the chairman shall cause a poll to be taken. The rights and obligations attaching to our ordinary shares and other provisions of our charter may be amended if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors (provided, that, holders of at least 50% of the shares so voted can remove a director with or without cause). Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefore.Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation or winding up of the company, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the redemption rights set forth above.Preferred StockOur amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that our board of directors has the authority, without action by the stockholders, to designate and issue shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series, and the number of shares constituting any such class or series, and to fix the voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights of each class or series of preferred stock, including, without limitation, dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, exchange rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, dissolution preferences, and treatment in the case of a merger, business combination transaction, or sale of the Companys assets substantially in their entirety, which rights may be greater than the rights of the holders of the common stock.We are authorized to issue one million shares (1,000,000) of Preferred Stock and we have designated among that Preferred Stock one hundred thousand (100,000) shares of Series A Preferred Stock and one hundred thousand (100,000) shares of Series B Preferred Stock.There will be no shares of preferred stock outstanding immediately after this offering. The purpose of authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock and determine the rights and preferences of any classes or series of preferred stock is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. The simplified issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, future financings and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from seeking to acquire, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the holders of our Common Stock by restricting dividends on the Common Stock, diluting the voting power of the Common Stock or subordinating the dividend or liquidation rights of the Common Stock. As a result of these or other factors, the issuance of preferred stock could have an adverse impact on the market price of our Common Stock.31DividendsOur dividend policy is determined by our Board of Directors and depends upon a number of factors, including our financial condition and performance, its cash needs and expansion plans, income tax consequences, and the restrictions that applicable laws and any credit or other contractual arrangements may then impose. We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and at the current time we do not anticipate paying a cash dividend on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We did not declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock during the past two fiscal years.LEGAL PROCEEDINGSOther than as stated herein, we are not a party to any other legal proceedings, other than ordinary litigation incidental to our business. Although no assurances can be given about the final outcome of pending legal proceedings, at the present time we are not a party to any legal proceeding or investigation that, in the opinion of management, is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or any of their respective affiliates, or any beneficial shareholder of more than five percent of voting securities, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to the above-mentioned companies interest.32INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERSNevada law provides that our directors and officers will not be personally liable to us, our stockholders or our creditors for monetary damages for any act or omission of a director or officer other than in circumstances where the director or officer breaches his or her fiduciary duty to us or our stockholders and such breach involves intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. Nevada law allows the articles of incorporation of a corporation to provide for greater liability of the corporations directors and officers. Our articles of incorporation do not provide for greater liability of the companys officers and directors than is provided under Nevada law.Nevada law allows a corporation to indemnify officers and directors for actions pursuant to which a director or officer either would not be liable pursuant to the limitation of liability provisions of Nevada law or where he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interests, and, in the case of an action not by or in the right of the corporation and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the conduct was unlawful. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws provide indemnification for our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. Prior to the completion of this offering, we intend to enter into indemnification agreements with each of our directors that may, in some cases, be broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained under Nevada law. In addition, as permitted by Nevada law, our articles of incorporation include provisions that eliminate the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages resulting from certain breaches of fiduciary duties as a director. The effect of these provisions is to restrict our rights and the rights of our stockholders in derivative suits to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of fiduciary duties as a director, except that a director will be personally liable for acts or omissions not in good faith or in a manner which he or she did not reasonably believe to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the corporation if, subject to certain exceptions, the act or failure to act constituted a breach of fiduciary duty and such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violations of law.subject to certain exceptions, the act or failure to act constituted a breach of fiduciary duty and such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violations of law.These provisions may be held not to be enforceable for certain violations of the federal securities laws of the United States.We are also expressly authorized to carry directors and officers insurance to protect our directors, officers, employees and agents against certain liabilities.The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions under Nevada law and in our articles of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. These provisions may also have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. However, these provisions do not limit or eliminate our rights, or those of any stockholder, to seek non-monetary relief such as injunction or rescission in the event of a breach of a directors fiduciary duties. Moreover, the provisions do not alter the liability of directors under the federal securities laws. In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent that, in a class action or direct suit, we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 18, 2018 (the Closing Date), Code Green Apparel Corp. (we, us or the Company), consummated the transactions contemplated by a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement and the Exchange), by and between the Company, Designer Apparel Group, LLC (Designer Apparel) and the sole member of Designer Apparel, Steve Short, on the same day. The Exchange was effective for all purposes as of January 18, 2018. The Exchange Agreement includes customary representations, warranties, and indemnification obligations of the parties.weusCompanyExchange AgreementDesigner ApparelIn connection with the closing of the Exchange, we agreed to: (i) pay Mr. Short, as the sole member of Designer Apparel, $50,000 in cash, of which (A) $25,000 in cash is due and payable no later than 30 days following the Closing Date; and (B) $25,000 in cash due and payable no later than 180 days following the Closing Date; and to (ii) issue Mr. Short (A) 5,000,000 shares of the Companys restricted common stock within 30 days from the Closing Date (the Closing Shares); (B) 2,500,000 shares of the Companys restricted common stock within 30 days of the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, provided the Employment Requirements (described below) are met (the 1st Anniversary Shares); and (C) 2,500,000 shares of the Companys restricted common stock within 30 days of the two year anniversary of the Closing Date, provided the Employment Requirements are met (the 2nd Anniversary Shares, and collectively, with the 1st Anniversary Shares and the Closing Shares, the Shares). The Employment Requirements means that Mr. Short is employed by the Company in good standing on the applicable date of determination.1st Anniversary Shares2nd Anniversary SharesEmployment RequirementsThe Exchange Agreement provides that in the event the Company becomes subject to any bankruptcy proceeding prior to the earlier of (a) the tenth anniversary of the Closing Date; (b) the date that the Company has divested its ownership of Designer Apparel; and (c) the date Designer Apparel is dissolved, Mr. Short is provided the right, exercisable in writing, within thirty days of Mr. Short becoming aware of the occurrence of such event, to repurchase the Companys then entire ownership interest in Designer Apparel for $10 in cash (a Repurchase). In the event the Repurchase occurs prior to (a) the payment in full of the cash payments due under the Exchange Agreement; and/or (b) the issuance in full of the Shares, all remaining cash payments and Shares, are deemed forfeited, waived and forgiven in their entirety.The Exchange Agreement also requires that Mr. Short be afforded the option to serve on the Companys Board of Directors for a period of not less than one (1) year following the Closing Date.As a result of the Exchange, Designer Apparel became our wholly-owned subsidiary.A required condition to the closing of the Exchange Agreement was that the Company enter into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Short, which employment agreement the parties are still negotiating, and which closing requirement was waived by Mr. Short prior to closing.The foregoing description of the Exchange Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text thereof which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 1, 2018, The Community Financial Corporation (the Company) completed its previously announced merger of County First Bank (County First) with and into the Companys wholly owned subsidiary Community Bank of the Chesapeake (Community Bank), with Community Bank as the surviving bank (the Merger) pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 31, 2017, by and among the Company, Community Bank and County First. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of County First issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive 0.9543 shares of Company common stock and $2.20 in cash (the Merger Consideration). The $2.20 in cash represents the sum of (i) $1.00 in cash consideration (the Cash Consideration) plus (ii) $1.20 in Contingent Cash Consideration that was determined before the completion of the Merger in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meaning assigned to such terms as defined in the Merger Agreement.Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 31, 2017, by and among the Company, Community Bank and County First. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of County First issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive 0.9543 shares of Company common stock and $2.20 in cash (the Merger Consideration). The $2.20 in cash represents the sum of (i) $1.00 in cash consideration (the Cash Consideration) plus (ii) $1.20 in Contingent Cash Consideration that was determined before the completion of the Merger in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meaning assigned to such terms as defined in the Merger Agreement.Also at the Effective Time, each County First restricted stock award became fully vested and was converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration.The foregoing description of the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2017 and is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.ition or Disposition of Assets.On January 1, 2018, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 22, 2017 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Community First, Reliant Bancorp, Inc. (f/k/a Commerce Union Bancshares, Inc.) (Reliant), Pioneer Merger Sub, Inc. (Merger Sub), a wholly owned subsidiary of Reliant, Reliant Bank, a Tennessee-chartered commercial bank and wholly owned subsidiary of Reliant (Reliant Bank), and Community First Bank & Trust, a Tennessee-chartered commercial bank and wholly owned subsidiary of Community First (Community First Bank), Merger Sub merged with and into Community First (the Merger), with Community First surviving the Merger (the Surviving Company). Immediately following the Merger and as part of a single integrated transaction, Reliant caused the Surviving Company to be merged with and into Reliant (the Second Step Merger and together with the Merger, the Mergers), with Reliant as the surviving entity. Immediately following the Second Step Merger, Community First Bank merged with and into Reliant.Under the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each outstanding share of Community First common stock, no par value (Community First Common Stock) (except for certain excluded shares and dissenting shares) was converted into and cancelled in exchange for the right to receive 0.481 shares of Reliant common stock, $1.00 par value per share (Reliant Common Stock) (the Merger Consideration), together with cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Reliant Common Stock.At the Effective Time, each outstanding restricted share award in respect of shares of Community First Common Stock (each, a Community First Restricted Share Award) granted under Community Firsts equity-based compensation plan became fully vested and was cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in respect of each share of Community First Common Stock underlying each Community First Restricted Share Award.All shares of Reliant Common Stock which were outstanding prior to the Merger were unaffected by the Merger.The foregoing description of the Mergers and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Community Firsts current report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2017 and is incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn December 31, 2017, Concurrent Computer Corporation (the Company) completed the previously announced sale of its content delivery and storage business (the Business) and other related assets (collectively, the Assets) to Vecima Networks Inc. (Vecima) pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2017, between the Company and Vecima (the Asset Purchase Agreement).Pursuant to the previously announced Escrow Agreement entered into by the Company and Vecima on December 15, 2017, the Company received $29,020,000 on the closing date, and may receive additional consideration, or be required to return a portion of the consideration received on the closing date, based on a final determination of the Business net working capital as of the closing date. Pursuant to the Escrow Agreement entered into by the Company and Vecima, $1.45 million of the purchase price will be held by SunTrust Bank as security for the Companys indemnification obligations to Vecima under the Asset Purchase Agreement, which amount will be released to the Company on or before December 31, 2018 (less any portion used to make indemnification payments to Vecima).The closing of the sale of the Assets to Vecima resulted in a change in control under our Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan. As a result, the Company has recognized the acceleration of the vesting and the lapse of restrictions on all restricted stock granted under our Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan and payment of any associated accrued dividends in connection with the consummation of the sale of the Assets to Vecima.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 12, 2018, Craft Brew Alliance, Inc. ("CBA" or the Company), completed the sale of its brewing facilities in Woodinville, Washington, to assignees of Sound Commercial Investment Holdings, LLC, for a total purchase price of $24,500,000 (the "Sale Transaction"), pursuant to the terms and conditions in the Commercial and Investment Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement between the parties dated as of November 29, 2017, as amended by an Addendum dated December 29, 2017, and a Second Addendum dated January 5, 2018 (as amended, the "Agreement"). The assets that were sold included the real property, equipment, fixtures, mechanical systems, and certain personal property used in CBA's operation of the brewery and adjacent brewpub. CBA paid real estate brokerage commissions totaling $560,000 from the sale proceeds.In contemplation of the sale of certain brewing and bottling equipment included in the Sale Transaction, $500,000 of the total purchase price will be placed in escrow within 60 days following the closing. If the purchaser of the equipment sells it for less than $3,500,000, the shortfall will be paid to the purchaser up to the amount held in escrow, with the balance, if any, paid to CBA. If the equipment has not been sold within 180 days following the closing date, the $500,000 in escrow will be paid to CBA.The foregoing description of the material terms of the Sale Transaction is subject to the complete provisions set forth in the Agreement, a copy of which is filed with this report as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference.Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The purchase by the Company of the intellectual property assets of Cisco Brewers, Inc. ("Cisco"), relating to its malt beverage products (the "Products"), including all trademarks, logos, and goodwill, as well as raw materials, finished goods, work in process, packaging materials, specified contract rights, and other assets relating to the manufacture and sale of those Products (the "Purchase Transaction"), was completed on October 10, 2018. The Company paid $23,000,000 in cash (the "Purchase Price"), assumed certain liabilities relating to the acquired assets, and agreed to pay an additional amount as a cash incentive payment based on Product shipments in 2023 in excess of a specified number of barrels. The Purchase Transaction excluded certain assets owned by Cisco, including intellectual property rights associated with its operation of its brewpub in Nantucket and a taproom in Boston, Massachusetts, as well as the Company's brewpub in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, which Cisco began operating in June 2018 pursuant to an arrangement with the Company. Of the Purchase Price, $690,000 was placed in escrow to cover potential liabilities associated with certain third party and direct claims relating to the assets purchased and liabilities assumed in the Purchase Transaction.The parties also entered into an agreement permitting Cisco to operate up to three initial brewpubs and any number of pop-up locations, royalty-free under a non-exclusive license arrangement, using the intellectual property rights associated with the Products acquired by the Company in the Purchase Transaction. The license agreement permits Cisco to operate additional brewpubs upon the payment of a $50,000 annual royalty per brewpub.Item 2.03Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn January 10, 2018, Crane Co. completed the acquisition of Crane & Co., Inc. (Crane Currency), a supplier of banknotes and highly-engineered banknote security features, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) among Crane Co.; Crane Currency, a Massachusetts corporation; FC Development Corp., a Massachusetts corporation and a wholly owned transitory subsidiary of Crane Co.; and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, a Colorado limited liability company as representative of the equityholders of Crane Currency. The base purchase price of the acquisition was $800 million on a cash-free, debt-free basis, subject to a later adjustment reflecting Crane Currencys net working capital, cash, the assumption by Crane Co. of certain debt-like items, and Crane Currencys transaction expenses.At the closing, the transitory subsidiary of Crane Co. merged with and into Crane Currency, with Crane Currency surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Crane Co.The transaction was partially financed by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association pursuant to a commitment letter (the Commitment Letter) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, as well as the Commitment Letter, does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement and the Commitment Letter, which are incorporated herein by reference. Copies of the Merger Agreement and the Commitment Letter were filed as Exhibit 2.1 and Exhibit 99.1, respectively, to a Form 8-K filed by Crane Co. on December 5, 2017.SECTION 9  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITSItem 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsAs used in this report, unless otherwise indicated, the terms we and us refer to CX Network Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (previously known as mLight Tech, Inc., a Florida corporation,), its owned subsidiary CX Cayman, Chuangxiang (Hong Kong) Holdings Limited (CX HK), Chuangxiang Network Technology (Shenzhen) Limited (CX Network) and Shenzhen Chuangxiang Network Technology Limited (Shenzhen CX), who is controlled by us via various contracts.CX NetworkShenzhen CXOverviewMLGT was founded in September 2010 to provide software solutions that simplify the management of networked personal computers. MLGT originally planned to develop products to automate network inventory and reporting, diagramming and documentation, problem identification and resolution, and compliance. On September 3, 2010, a total of 12,000,000 shares of Common Stock were issued to our then sole officer and director, Edward Sanders, all of which are restricted securities, as defined in Rule 144 of the Rules and Regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Securities Act.The Company became a publicly reporting company pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file No.333-169805), declared effective on December 16, 2010 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). Subsequently on January 31, 2011, the Company sold 1,600,000 shares of its Common Stock to 24 shareholders pursuant to the registration statement.On February 26, 2013, the Company effectuated a 20-for-1 forward split of its Common Stock, upon which 20,000,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock were authorized.On June 7, 2013, the board of directors of the Company (the Board of Directors) elected Todd Sudeck as President, Secretary, CFO and sole director of the Company and accepted the resignation of Edward Sanders as President and sole director of the Company. On August 1, 2013, Todd Sudeck acquired all of the capital stock of the Company owned by Edward Sanders, consisting of 12,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company, which constituted approximately 88.2% of the then total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.Acquisition of Ding King Training Institute, Inc.On October 31, 2013, MLGT acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of The Ding King Training Institute, Inc. (Ding King), an entity controlled by Todd Sudeck, our then sole officer and director pursuant to an agreement of exchange and sale of stock dated October 31, 2013. Upon closing of the transactions underlying the exchange agreement, the Company acquired Ding King and Ding King became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.11Securities Purchase Agreement Mr. Huibin Su, Mr. Jiyin Li and Chaoran ZhangOn March 31, 2017, Todd Sudeck entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA) with Mr. Huibin Su, Mr. Jiyin Li, Mr. Chaoran Zhang (each a Purchaser and together, the Purchasers) and MLGT pursuant to which the Purchasers acquired an aggregate of 12,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the SPA Shares) from Todd Sudeck for an aggregate purchase price of $325,000. The transaction contemplated in the SPA closed on the same day (the SPA Closing). The SPA Shares represented approximately 87.17% of then issued and outstanding Common Stock of MLGT. In connection with the SPA Closing, Todd Sudeck, resigned from all his positions with the Company as the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and the sole member of the Board of Directors.PurchaserPurchasersSPA SharesSPA ClosingSimultaneously with the SPA Closing, Mr. Huibin Su was appointed as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a director of the Board, Mr. Jiyin Li was appointed as the Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Zizhong Huang was appointed as the Companys Chief Operating Officer, all effective immediately upon SPA Closing.Disposition of our Wholly-owned Subsidiary, Ding KingOn March 31, 2017, MLGT entered into a spin-off with Ding King, and Todd Sudeck (the Spin-Off Agreement). Pursuant to the Spin-Off Agreement, Todd Sudeck received all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Ding King in exchange for approximately 166,667 shares of Common Stock of the Company owned by Mr. Sudeck. Immediately upon and after the closing of the Spin-Off Agreement, Mr. Sudeck became the sole equity owner of Ding King and MLGT no long holds any equity interest in Ding King.Issuance and Conversion of the Promissory NotesPursuant to the Spin-Off Agreement, MLGT issued three promissory notes (the Notes) to three holders for an aggregate amount of $133,000, with a 5% annual interest rate. On April 19, 2017, MLGT entered into a note conversion Agreement (the Conversion Agreement) with three note holders (the Converters) to convert their Notes into the Companys common stock. Pursuant to the Conversion Agreement, the entire principal amount of the Notes was converted into an aggregate number of approximately 886,667 shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.15 per share (the Note Conversion). Upon execution of the Conversion Agreement, all the Converters agree to waive their rights to receive the payment of accrued and outstanding interest under the Notes as of the date of the Conversion Agreement.Conversion AgreementConvertersNote ConversionIssuance of DebentureOn April 19, 2017, MLGT entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Debenture Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which MLGT issued and sold in a private placement to a non-U.S. person a series A convertible debenture in an aggregate principal amount of $150,000 (the Debenture) with a 8% annual interest convertible into shares of Common Stock at price of $0.15 per share. The Debenture Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties and customary termination provisions including that, subject to the terms of the Debenture Purchase Agreement, the Debenture Purchase Agreement may be terminated prior to closing by mutual written agreement between the Company and the Purchaser.Name Change, Domicile Change and Reverse SplitOn July 11, 2017, MLGT merged with and into CXKJ (the Merger), with CXKJ as the surviving corporation that operates under the name CX Network Group, Inc. (the Name Change), pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement) dated July 3, 2017.Name ChangeMerger AgreementPursuant to the Merger Agreement, immediately after the effective time of the Merger, the Companys corporate existence is governed by the laws of the State of Nevada and the Articles of Incorporation and bylaws of CXKJ (the Domicile Change), and each outstanding share of MLGTs common stock, par value $0.0001 per share was converted into 0.0667 outstanding share of common stock of CXKJ, par value $0.0001 per share at a one-for-fifteen reverse split ratio.22The Name Change, Merger and Reverse Split was approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) on July 11, 2017 and such corporation actions took effect at the open of business on July 12, 2017. Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Reverse Split, we had 217,300,000 shares of common stock of MLGT issued and outstanding. Immediately upon the effectiveness of the reverse stock split, we have 14,486,670 shares of Common Stock of CXKJ issued and outstanding.On August 11, 2017, the Company was notified by FINRA Department of Market Operations (the Department) that they did not process the Reverse Split because they believed that the documentation provided by the Company did not support the Companys request to process a reverse split. In the same letter, the Department notified the Company that they processed the Companys request of the Merger, the mechanism the Company used to consummate the corporate actions mentioned above. Also in that letter, the Department mentioned that it announced the Reverse Split on July 11, 2017 but subsequently revised the announcement on July 28, 2017. On August 14, 2017, the Company received a notice from the Department that they did not process the symbol change because there is currently no symbol assigned to the Company.On August 16, 2017, the Company appealed the decisions made by the Department as mentioned herein above in connection with Reverse Stock Split, Name Change and Domicile Change (for more information about the corporate actions, refer to the current report on Form 8-K the Company filed on July 12, 2017). On October 3, 2017, a Subcommittee of FINRAs Uniform Practice Code Committee decided to remand the case to the Department for further review. Subsequently, the Department granted the Companys application for a symbol change. On November 3, 2017, the trading symbol for the Company was changed to CXKJ, effective immediately. The new CUSIP number is 12672T 108.Acquisition of CX Cayman.On March 20, 2018, pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, CXKJ acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding equity securities of CX Cayman in exchange for 5,350,000 shares of Common Stock of CXKJ. The acquisition was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization effected by an acquisition. CX Cayman is considered the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes. The assets and liabilities of the acquired entity have been brought forward at their book value and no goodwill has been recognized.33The corporate structure of the Company subsequent to the closing of the Share Exchange is illustrated as follows:The address of our principal executive offices and corporate offices is Room 1205, 1A Building, Shenzhen Software Industry Base, Xuefu Rd, Nanshan District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province, China.Principal Terms of the Share Exchange AgreementOn March 20, 2018, the Company, CX Cayman and the shareholders of CX Cayman entered into the Share Exchange Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue an aggregate of 5,350,000 shares of its Common Stock, representing 26.91% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company immediately after closing, to CX Caymans shareholders in exchange for 100% of the issued and outstanding securities of CX Cayman.Both the Company and CX Cayman believed that the Share Exchange is in the best interest of their respective shareholders. The Company believed that the Share Exchange would enhance the value of the Company through the acquisition of 100% equity interest in CX Caymans viable business, and CX Cayman believed that such transaction would afford CX Cayman access to the U.S. capital market and other possible financial resources. Prior to the execution of the Share Exchange Agreement, there is material relationship had existed between the Company and CX Cayman that the shareholders of CX Cayman are shareholders and officers and/or directors of CXKJ. As a result of the execution of the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Huibin Su and Mr. Jiyin Li collectively hold 16,683,334 shares of Common Stock of CXKJ, representing 84.11% equity interest of CXKJ.44As a result of the Share Exchange, the business of CX Cayman is now our business.CX Cayman and its operationsCX Cayman does not have any substantive operations other than holding CX HK, which in return holding CX Network, who controls Shenzhen CX through certain contractual arrangementsVIE AgreementsIn April 2017, Shenzhen Chuangxiang Network Technology (Shenzhen) Limited (CX Network), the wholly owned subsidiary of Chuangxiang (Hong Kong) Holdings Limited (CX HK), which is the wholly owned subsidiary of CX Cayman, Shenzhen Cuangxiang Network Technology Limited (Shenzhen CX) and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX entered into a series of contractual agreements for Shenzhen CX to qualify as variable interest entity or VIE (the VIE Agreements). The VIE Agreements are as follows:CX HKShenzhen CXVIE AgreementsConsulting Service AgreementPursuant to the terms of certain Exclusive Technology Consulting Service Agreement dated April 20, 2017, between CX Network and Shenzhen CX (the Consulting Service Agreement), CX Network is the exclusive technology consulting service provider to Shenzhen CX to provide research and development support to related software and technology, responsible for computer network equipment, web design, monitor, test and security, in charge of the network maintenance, repair and security; applications development and market study, etc. Pursuant to the Consulting Service Agreement, Shenzhen CX agreed to pay a service fee to CX Network at a range of 90% to 100% of the monthly gross profit of Shenzhen CX based on certain factors set forth in the agreement, and Shenzhen CX agreed not to engage any third party for any of its technology consulting services provided under the agreement without the written consent of CX Network. In addition, Shenzhen CX has agreed not to establish any business cooperation with any third party without a written consent of CX Network and CX Network and/or its affiliates are entitled to a right of first refusal to cooperate with Shenzhen CX under the same conditions. This Agreement is valid for a term of 10 years subject to any extension requested by CX Network unless terminated by CX Network unilaterally prior to the expiration.The foregoing summary of the Consulting Service Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Consulting Service Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Form 8-K.Management AgreementPursuant to the terms of certain Management Agreement dated April 20, 2017, among CX Network, Shenzhen CX and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX (the Management Agreement), Shenzhen CX has agreed to subject the operations and management of its business to the control of CX Network. According to the Management Agreement, Shenzhen CX is not allowed to conduct any transactions that has substantial impact upon its operations, assets, rights, obligations and personnel without the CX Networks written approval. CX Network has agreed to provide necessary financial supports whenever Shenzhen CX has operational difficulties. The shareholders of Shenzhen CX have agreed to transfer any dividends, distributions or any other profits that they receive as the shareholders of Shenzhen CX to CX Network without consideration. This Agreement is valid for a term of 10 years unless terminated earlier by CX Network with a 30-day written notice, provided that CX Network can extend the agreement before its expiration.The foregoing summary of the Management Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Management Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Form 8-K.55Irrevocable Powers of AttorneyThe shareholders of Shenzhen CX have each executed an irrevocable power of attorney, dated April 20, 2017, to appoint CX Network as their exclusive attorneys-in-fact to vote on their behalf on all Shenzhen CXs matters requiring shareholders approval. The term of each power of attorney is valid for 10 years but may be extended upon CX Networks request.The foregoing summary of the Exclusive Option Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Exclusive Option Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Form 8-K.Exclusive Option AgreementPursuant to the terms of certain Exclusive Option Agreement dated April 20, 2017, among CX Network, Shenzhen CX, and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX (the Exclusive Option Agreement), the shareholders of Shenzhen CX granted CX Network or its designees an irrevocable and exclusive purchase option (the Option) to purchase Shenzhen CXs all equity interests and/or assets at a purchase price of RMB 10, 000 subject to an adjustment to the amount equal to 1% of the evaluation of the total equity interest or asset of Shenzhen CX if such evaluation is required under the applicable PRC laws and regulations. The Option is exercisable at any time at CX Networks discretion in full or in part, to the extent permitted by PRC law. In the event that CX Network chooses to exercise only a portion of the Option, the purchase price shall be determined pro rata based on the portion of the equity interest and assets that CX Network desires to purchase. The Option is transferrable in full or in part by CX Network. Shenzhen CX has agreed without the written consent of CX Network, not to, among others, (i) amend its articles of incorporation; (ii) increase or decrease its registered capital or change its capital structure; (iii) transfer, dispose or pledge its material assets, business, profit or interest; (iv) provide loan or credit to any third party; or (v) enter into material contract or carry any debt out of the ordinary course of business. It further agrees to maintain good standing during the term of the Exclusive Option Agreement. The Exclusive Option Agreements is valid until that it is terminated by CX Network with 30 days written notice or all Shenzhen CXs equity interest and assets are transferred to CX Network or its third party designee.The foregoing summary of the Exclusive Option Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Exclusive Option Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to this Form 8-K.Equity Pledge AgreementPursuant to the terms of certain Equity Pledge Agreement dated April 20, 2017, among CX Network and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX (the Pledge Agreement), the shareholders of Shenzhen CX pledged all of their equity interests in Shenzhen CX to CX Network, including the proceeds thereof, to guarantee Shenzhen CXs performance of its obligations under the Management Agreement, the Consulting Service Agreement and the Exclusive Option Agreement (each, a Agreement, collectively, the Agreements). If Shenzhen CX or its shareholders breach its respective contractual obligations under any Agreement, or cause to occur one of the events regards as an event of default under any Agreement, CX Network, as pledgee, will be entitled to certain rights, including the right to dispose of the pledged equity interest in Shenzhen CX. During the term of the Pledge Agreement, the pledged equity interests cannot be transferred without CX Networks prior written consent. The Pledge Agreements is valid until all the obligations due under the Agreements have been fulfilled unless terminated upon 30 days written notice by CX Network.AgreementsThe foregoing summary of the Equity Pledge Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Equity Pledge Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.5 to this Form 8-K.Intellectual Property License AgreementPursuant to the terms of certain intellectual property license agreement dated April 20, 2017 between the CX Network and Shenzhen CX (the  IP License Agreement), the CX Network is entitled to receive (i) a non-assignable, exclusive, and revocable license to certain registered trademarks owned by Shenzhen CX for use in connection with the goods or services approved by Shenzhen CXs registered trademarks, and (ii) a license to all of Shenzhen CXs copyrights, use and exploitation rights of Shenzhen CXs computer software products, including resale rights and rights in and to any and all associated media.66The term of the IP License Agreement is 10 year from April 20, 2017 to April 20, 2027. The IP License Agreement can be renewed subject to a renewal notice from CX Network 2 months prior to its expiration. Additionally, both parties can terminate this IP License Agreement if either party commits a material breach and fails to cure such breach after 10 days of receiving the notice to cure from the other party. The License contains certain quality control requirements, branding and advertising guidelines and approval processes that CX Network is required to maintain.The foregoing summary of the IP License Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the IP License Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.6 to this Form 8-K.BUSINESSCOMPANY OVERVIEWImmediately prior to entering into the Share Exchange Agreement with CX Cayman and shareholders of CX Cayman, we were a shell company with no significant asset or operation. As a result of the Share Exchange, we operate through our PRC affiliated entity, namely Shenzhen CX, located in Shenzhen, China. CX Cayman does not have any substantive operations other than holding CX HK, which in return holding CX Network, who controls Shenzhen CX through certain contractual arrangements.All references to the Company, we, our or us in this report are to CXKJ and its subsidiaries and Shenzhen CX.Our business consists of development and operation of online dating and mobile gaming products.Our online dating products Little Love () and Hotchat () are mobile applications geared towards Chinese singles designed to increase a users likelihood of finding a romantic connection. Our mission is to help individuals forge life-long relationships with others that share their interests and values. Through these mobile applications, our users can search for and communicate with other like-minded individuals. Our product creates a virtual community where users can meet, chat and message. We operate location-based social networks for meeting new people on mobile platforms, including on iPhone, Android, iPad and other tablets that facilitate interactions among users and encourage users to connect and chat with each other.Our online dating mobile platforms monetize through advertising, in-app purchases, and paid subscriptions. The Company offers online marketing capabilities, which enable marketers to display their advertisements in different formats and in different locations. In the near future, we plan to offer sophisticated data science for highly effective hyper-targeting. The Company is actively seeking the opportunities to works with its advertisers to maximize the effectiveness of their campaigns by optimizing advertisement formats and placements.Our mobile gaming products Eternal Tribe () and Bole Jiangmen Card and Board Game (Bole) () are Android-based mobile games developed solely by us to diversify our product portfolio. As China mobile game market continues to grow at rapid pace, our management team believe it is the right time to leverage our expertise in gaming app development to tap into this hot market. Both of our game apps offer interesting features that we feel have potentially wide appeal. With Eternal Tribe targeting at young millennial gamers who enjoy role-playing games on the go and Bole targeting at casual gamers who need easy-to-play games to past time, we expect these two products to become the major force in driving the growth of our company in the future. Our R&D team is currently developing Eternal Tribe international edition and Bole Guangdong edition to attract more users and subscribers.Our IndustryOur current primary business is in the online dating industry, which we believe fulfills significant needs for single adults looking to meet a companion. Traditional methods such as printed personals advertisements, offline dating services and public gathering places often do not meet the needs of single people. Printed personals advertisements offer individuals limited personal information and interaction before meeting. Offline dating services are time-consuming, expensive and offer a smaller number of potential partners. Public gathering places such as restaurants, bars and other social venues provide a limited opportunity to learn about others prior to an in-person meeting. In contrast, online personals services facilitate interaction between singles by allowing them to screen and communicate with a large number of potential companions before they meet in-person. With features such as detailed personal profiles, email, mobile chat and instant messaging, this medium allows users to communicate with other singles at their convenience and affords them the ability to meet multiple people in an anonymous, convenient and secure setting.77The online personals industry in China has experienced significant growth in recent years. According to 2017 Chinas Online Dating & Matchmaking Report, the revenue of Chinas online dating & matchmaking sector reached approximately 500 million USD in 2016, accounting for 36.5% of the total revenue of dating & matchmaking market. It is expected that the proportion will expand to 41.7% by 2019. Members of the millennial generation (individuals under 35 years old) tend to have the highest usage of online or mobile personals sites because of the large gender imbalance caused by one-child policy launched by Chinese government back in 1980. (source: http://www.iresearchchina.com/content/details8_31990.html)Another focus of our business is mobile gaming. According to the 2017 China Mobile Games Market Report, China is the single most important market in the world for mobile games. There are more than 500 million gamers in China, more than the entire population of the United States, which presents a great opportunity for local and global game developers and publishers. Mobile game revenue is the fastest growing segment and is projected to overtake PC online games in 2018, making up 58% of total games revenue in 2021. There were 503 million mobile gamers in 2016, rising to 699 million in 2021. Domestic market size in 2016 was $8.4 billion, rising to $14.4 billion in 2021. The demand for e-sports and the expansion into new genres suitable for core gamers are two of many drivers in the fast-growth mobile games market. The Top 20 of 400+ Android app stores account for 95% of distribution. Market share of new, expensive phones has fallen dramatically to the demand for quality, low-cost Android phones with mid to high-end specs (source data: http://www.cgigc.com.cn).Our ProductsOnline Dating ProductsOur core subscription online dating services offer single adults a convenient and secure setting for meeting other singles. Users of our mobile applications are encouraged to become registered members and post profiles. Posting a profile is a process in which visitors are asked various questions about themselves, including information such as their tastes in food, hobbies and desired attributes of potential partners. Members may also post photos of themselves. Members can perform detailed searches of other profiles and save their preferences, and their profiles can be viewed by other members. In most cases, for a member to initiate email and instant message communication with others, that member must purchase a subscription and become a subscriber. A subscription affords access to the paying subscribers on-site email, mobile chat, and instant messaging systems, enabling such subscribers to communicate with other members and paying subscribers. Our uses make in-app purchases on an on-demand basis. Our users can pay subscription fee on monthly or annual basis to receive discounted prices for in-app purchases and additional or expanded features available only for subscribers. As of September 30, 2017, we had 761,764 users in Little Love and 91,232 users in Hot Chat, respectively. As of December 31, 2017, we had 1,200,825 users in Little Love and 110,209 users in Hot Chat, respectively.Little Love ()Platform Features. Little Love offers different ways for our users to communicate including:Private Chat. Users can utilize this feature to share message, voice mail, photos and emojis with each other in a completely private setting.On-Site Email. We provide all subscribers with private message centers. These personal on-site email boxes offer features such as customizable folders for storing correspondence, the ability to know when sent messages were read, as well as block and ignore functions, which allow paying subscribers to control future messages from specific paying subscribers.88Hot Lists and Favorites. Hot Lists enable users to see who is interested in them and to save those favorite members in which they have an interest. Lists include (1) who has viewed their profile, (2) their favorites and (3) who has emailed them. Users can maintain their favorites on a list and add their own customized notes.Instant Message. Paying subscribers can use our instant messaging system to communicate with other subscribers in real-time. This allows subscribers to communicate directly with another subscriber online at the same time instantly.People Nearby. People Nearby connects users with random nearby locals for chatting and meeting up. This feature allows users to quickly establish connections and increase likelihood of finding someone who has similar interests.In-App Purchase Store. Our In-App Purchase feature enables users to purchase and give virtual gifts to other users who think they would be compatible with each other. A user can also purchase virtual items to customize and personalize her profile.Hotchat ()Platform Features. Hotchat offers different ways for our users to establish connections with professional live chat hosts instead of unknown strangers. The live chat between users and hosts are protected by high level of privacy so that our users could feel comfortable and engaged. Although Hotchat offers similar features as Little Love, it primarily focuses on assisting our male users connecting with female live chat hosts.Mobile Gaming ProductsDuring the three months ended December 31, 2017, our R&D department focused on the development of mobile gaming products. In January 2018, we launched two mobile gaming applications: Eternal Tribe () and Bole Jiangmen Card and Board Game (). For Eternal Triber, our users can deposit fund on as needed basis for the in-app purchases and for Bole, our users pay for each game that they want to play.Eternal TribeThe Eternal Tribe is a battle role-playing mobile game (RPG). This game, built with unity 3D engine, is designed to bring gamers intense and character-driven narratives, transport them into the most authentic World of Warcraft (WOW) environment and allow gamers to live out fantasy epics. Players take command of heroes from various races and have the options to customize their characters in a way similar to WOW. There is also the deluxe edition that offers additional features to help gamers in turn-based battles and give gamers options to waltz their ways through the story campaign and adjust their strategies in extra game modes. The combat system in this game is well-crafted to capture the intense sensation of fantasy warfare, and the unique weapon selection system further enhances the game experience. The abundance of strategic combat options offered by this game makes it well worth a go for fans of tactical RPGs.Bole Jiangmen Card and Board Game ()Card Bo-Le Collection is an Android-based puzzle casual mobile game. It is designed to be an online multiplayer game that delivers the thrill of real time friendly competitions. Card Bo-Le Collection has several exciting features including but not limited to the following: a diverse and growing collection of card collectibles.a diverse and growing collection of card collectibles.a comprehensive online Frequently Asked Question (FAQ) section available in-game for beginners.a comprehensive online Frequently Asked Question (FAQ) section available in-game for beginners.99 a smartly designed drag-drop interface.a smartly designed drag-drop interface.seamless online multiplayer experience, allowing gamers connecting with their friends from around the world.seamless online multiplayer experience, allowing gamers connecting with their friends from around the world.easy-to-use Invite and Compete features allowing gamers and their friends to enjoy the game anywhere, anytime.easy-to-use Invite and Compete features allowing gamers and their friends to enjoy the game anywhere, anytime. tons of in-game trophies, awards, and achievements ready to be earned.tons of in-game trophies, awards, and achievements ready to be earned.Sales and MarketingWe engage in a variety of marketing activities intended to drive user traffic to our mobile applications and give us the opportunity to introduce our products and services to prospective users. For our online dating apps, we (i) pay various mobile app channels to broadcast our apps to raise awareness of our products and increase their ranking to attract new users, (ii) engage in self-promoting on social media, (iii) advertise our products via our cooperative public platforms, (iv) organize off-line experience events and activities; and (v) we work with Hong Kong Xinglong Entertainment to engage its celebrity Girls Group 1n1 sisters as our product representative and singing the song Little Love for our application. With respect to our mobile gaming application which we launched in January 2018, our marketing strategy focus on seeking well known network and platform providers to broadcast the games, improving the products to raise its ranking in appstores, and display advertising to increase the exposure to attract new users.Customer ServiceOur call center and email support teams monitor our mobile applications for fraudulent activity, assist members with billing questions, help members complete personal profiles and answer technical questions. Customer service representatives receive ongoing training in an effort to better personalize the experience for members and paying subscribers who call or email us and to capitalize on upselling opportunities.TechnologyOur internal product teams are focused on the development and maintenance of products in addition to building and managing our software and hardware infrastructure. We intend to continue investing in the development of new products, such as mobile applications, and enhancing the efficiency and functionality of our existing products and infrastructure.Our network infrastructure and operations are designed to deliver high levels of availability, performance, security and scalability in a cost-effective manner. We operate web and database servers co-located at a third party data center facility in Irvine, California.Intellectual PropertyWe do not have any intellectual property. Each following intellectual property is registered under and owned by Shenzhen CX and granted to us through the IP License Agreement:Patents: In China, the term for utility model patents is 10 years from the filing date.Patent Registered Area Registration Number Patent Type Registering Authority Registration Date A method of quick friend recommendation and making friends based on Bliss theorem China 201810004413.5 Utility Patent State Intellectual Property Office 01/2018 A method of establishing friendly social relations based on accelerometer sensor China 201810004321.8 Utility Patent State Intellectual Property Office 01/2018Registered AreaRegistration NumberPatent TypeRegistering AuthorityRegistration DateDateA method of quick friend recommendation and making friends based on Bliss theorem China 201810004413.5 Utility Patent State Intellectual Property Office 01/2018China201810004413.5Utility PatentState Intellectual Property Office01/2018A method of establishing friendly social relations based on accelerometer sensor China 201810004321.8 Utility Patent State Intellectual Property Office 01/2018China201810004321.8Utility PatentState Intellectual Property Office01/20181010Copyrights: In China, the term of copyrights related to published software is from the date of the publishing to December 31 of the 50th year of the publishing.thComputer Software Registered Area Registration Number Description Registering Authority Registration Date Hot-Chat Social Application V1.0 China 2015SR209323 Social network platform National Copyright Administration of the Peoples Republic of China (NCAC) 10/2015 Hot-Chat Chatting Sytem (ios) V1.0.0 China 2016SR052205 Social network platform NCAC 3/2016 Little Love ios platform V1.0.0 China 2016SR250624 Mobile dating and social application NCAC 7/2016 Little Love Lover Pairing android platform V. 1.0.7 China 2017SR133444 Mobile dating and social application NCAC 4/2017 Online game Eternal Tribe software V1.0 China 2017SR259394 Online fantasy mobile game based on Greek mythology NCAC 6/2017 Bole Guangdong Mahjong software, V1.0 China 2017SR260719 Mobile board and card game NCAC 6/2017 Little flame social software android platform China 2016SR342537 Social network platform NCAC 11/2016 You have a date android platform China 2016SR342565 Social network platform NCAC 11/2016Registered AreaRegistration NumberDescriptionRegistering AuthorityRegistration DateDateHot-Chat Social Application V1.0 China 2015SR209323 Social network platform National Copyright Administration of the Peoples Republic of China (NCAC) 10/2015China2015SR209323Social network platformNational Copyright Administration of the Peoples Republic of China (NCAC)10/2015Hot-Chat Chatting Sytem (ios) V1.0.0 China 2016SR052205 Social network platform NCAC 3/2016China2016SR052205Social network platformNCAC3/2016Little Love ios platform V1.0.0 China 2016SR250624 Mobile dating and social application NCAC 7/2016China2016SR250624Mobile dating and social applicationNCAC7/2016Little Love Lover Pairing android platform V. 1.0.7 China 2017SR133444 Mobile dating and social application NCAC 4/2017China2017SR133444Mobile dating and social applicationNCAC4/2017Online game Eternal Tribe software V1.0 China 2017SR259394 Online fantasy mobile game based on Greek mythology NCAC 6/2017China2017SR259394Online fantasy mobile game based on Greek mythologyNCAC6/2017Bole Guangdong Mahjong software, V1.0 China 2017SR260719 Mobile board and card game NCAC 6/2017China2017SR260719Mobile board and card gameNCAC6/2017Little flame social software android platform China 2016SR342537 Social network platform NCAC 11/2016China2016SR342537Social network platformNCAC11/2016You have a date android platform China 2016SR342565 Social network platform NCAC 11/2016China2016SR342565Social network platformNCAC11/2016Trademarks: In China, the term of a registered trademark is 10 years. The owner can apply extension with the trademark office within six months before or after the expiration. The review process of a trademark application usually takes about one year in China.Trademarks Registered Area Trademark Number Category Description Registering Authority Term China TMZC18469330D01T170306 Category 38(1) Category 45(2) Trademark Office of The State Administration For Industry & Commerce of the Peoples Republic of China (the Trademark Office) 1/2017-1/2027 Live Love China Not available Category 9 (3) Category 38(1) Category 41(4) Category 42(5) Category 45(2) The Trademark Office Processing, pending approvalRegistered AreaTrademark NumberNumberCategory DescriptionRegistering AuthorityTermChina TMZC18469330D01T170306 Category 38(1) Category 45(2) Trademark Office of The State Administration For Industry & Commerce of the Peoples Republic of China (the Trademark Office) 1/2017-1/2027ChinaTMZC18469330D01T170306Category 38(1) Category 45(2)Category 45(2)Trademark Office of The State Administration For Industry & Commerce of the Peoples Republic of China (the Trademark Office)1/2017-1/2027Live Love China Not available Category 9 (3) Category 38(1) Category 41(4) Category 42(5) Category 45(2) The Trademark Office Processing, pending approvalChinaNot availableCategory 9 (3) Category 38(1) Category 41(4) Category 42(5) Category 45(2)Category 38(1)Category 41(4)Category 42(5)Category 45(2)The Trademark OfficeProcessing, pending approval(1)Category 38 includes information transmission; telephone communication; computer terminal communication; computer-aided information and image transmission; providing global computer network telecommunications connection service; providing global computer network user service; providing Internet chat room; providing database access service; Transmission; digital file transfer.(1)Category 38 includes information transmission; telephone communication; computer terminal communication; computer-aided information and image transmission; providing global computer network telecommunications connection service; providing global computer network user service; providing Internet chat room; providing database access service; Transmission; digital file transfer.1111(2)Category 45 includes dating services; open insurance lock; marriage introduction; fire control; organization of religious rallies; adoption agency; lost property; fire extinguisher rental; fire extinguisher rental; plan and arrange wedding services.(2)Category 45 includes dating services; open insurance lock; marriage introduction; fire control; organization of religious rallies; adoption agency; lost property; fire extinguisher rental; fire extinguisher rental; plan and arrange wedding services.(3)Category 9 includes data processing equipment; computer storage device; computer; recorded computer operating program; disk; floppy disk; recorded computer operating program; encoded magnetic card; microprocessor; computer software (recorded).(3)Category 9 includes data processing equipment; computer storage device; computer; recorded computer operating program; disk; floppy disk; recorded computer operating program; encoded magnetic card; microprocessor; computer software (recorded).(4)Category 41 includes organizational culture or educational exhibitions; organizing sports competitions; organizing performances (performances); arranging and organizing concerts; organizing for recreational purposes; arranging and organizing concerts; arranging and organizing concerts; fashion show; fashion show for entertainment.(4)Category 41 includes organizational culture or educational exhibitions; organizing sports competitions; organizing performances (performances); arranging and organizing concerts; organizing for recreational purposes; arranging and organizing concerts; arranging and organizing concerts; fashion show; fashion show for entertainment.(5)Category 42 includes computer software design; computer software update; computer hardware design and development consulting; computer software rental; recovery of computer data; computer software design; computer software design; ; computer software maintenance; computer software system analysis; computer system design; computer program copy; tangible data or files into electronic media; computer software installation; computer program and data conversion (non-tangible conversion); computer software consulting ; network server rental; provide internet search engine.(5)Category 42 includes computer software design; computer software update; computer hardware design and development consulting; computer software rental; recovery of computer data; computer software design; computer software design; ; computer software maintenance; computer software system analysis; computer system design; computer program copy; tangible data or files into electronic media; computer software installation; computer program and data conversion (non-tangible conversion); computer software consulting ; network server rental; provide internet search engine.Domains: In China, the registration of domains can be extended by annual renewal or periodic renewal by paying the annual or periodic registration fee. If renewal registration fee is not paid timely, the domain will become available to the public. Shenzhen CX has timely paid annual registration fee for all its domains.Names Registration Date Registering Authority chuangxiangkj.hk 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration chuangxiang.hk 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration chuangxiangkj.cn 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration chuangxiangkj.com.cn 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration chuangxiangkj.com 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration ixiaolianai.com 7/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration ichuaungxiang.com 9/2015 Guangdong Communication Administration reliaoapp.com 8/2015 Guangdong Communication AdministrationRegistration DateDateRegistering Authoritychuangxiangkj.hk 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration6/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationchuangxiang.hk 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration6/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationchuangxiangkj.cn 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration6/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationchuangxiangkj.com.cn 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration6/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationchuangxiangkj.com 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration6/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationixiaolianai.com 7/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration7/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationichuaungxiang.com 9/2015 Guangdong Communication Administration9/2015Guangdong Communication Administrationreliaoapp.com 8/2015 Guangdong Communication Administration8/2015Guangdong Communication AdministrationCompetitionWe operate in a highly competitive environment with minimal barriers to entry. We believe the primary competitive factors in creating a community on the Internet are functionality, brand recognition, reputation, critical mass of members, member affinity and loyalty, ease-of-use, quality of service and reliability. We compete with a number of large and small companies, including vertically integrated Internet portals and specialty-focused media companies that provide online and offline products and services to the online dating market we serve. Our principal online dating services competitors include other mobile applications such as Momo, Tantan, Baobao and others. Our principal mobile gaming competitors include other online gaming applications such as Happy Doudizhu, Clash of Clans, Clash Royale, JJ Doudizhu and others. In addition, we face competition from new entrants that have recently offered free and freemium mobile applications such as Feeling.1212We believe our ability to compete depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the following: the size and diversity of our member and paying subscriber bases;the size and diversity of our member and paying subscriber bases; the timing and market acceptance of our apps, including the developments and enhancements to those apps and features relative to those offered by our competitors;the timing and market acceptance of our apps, including the developments and enhancements to those apps and features relative to those offered by our competitors; customer service and support efforts;customer service and support efforts; selling and marketing efforts; andselling and marketing efforts; and our brand strength in the marketplace relative to our competitors.our brand strength in the marketplace relative to our competitors.Government RegulationsOur business is regulated by diverse and evolving laws and governmental authorities in China. We are subject to laws and regulations related to Internet communications, privacy, consumer protection, security and data protection, intellectual property rights, commerce, taxation, entertainment, recruiting and advertising. These laws and regulations are becoming more prevalent, and new laws and regulations are under consideration by the Chinese governments. Any failure by us to comply with existing laws and regulations may subject us to liabilities. New laws and regulations governing such matters could be enacted or amendments may be made to existing regulations at any time that could adversely impact our services. Plus, legal uncertainties surrounding Chinese government regulations could increase our costs of doing business, require us to revise our services, prevent us from delivering our services over the Internet or slow the growth of the Internet, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.Business LicenseAny company that conducts business in the PRC must have a business license that covers the scope of the business in which such company is engaged. Following the Share Exchange, we conduct our business through our control of Shenzhen CX. Each of CX Network and Shenzhen CX holds a business license that covers its present business. The business license of CX Network was issued in April 2016. The scope of registered business of CX Network includes computer information systems, cloud storage, cloud computing, technology development, technical advice, technology transfer and technical services (excluding restricted and prohibited items, involving license management and other special regulations management, obtaining permission to operate); computer hardware and software, integrated circuit technology development, technical consulting, technology transfer and technical services, computer programming, scientific and technological information consultation (excluding restricted items). (The business license of Shenzhen CX was issued in August 2015. The scope of registered business of Shenzhen CX includes mobile phone software development (excluding limited items), computer software and hardware technology development and sales, economic information consulting, business management consulting (none of the above include restricted items); domestic trade (excluding franchise, Monopoly, Shangkong); import and export business (excluding items prohibited by laws and administrative regulations) and others.mobile phone software development (excluding limited items), computer software and hardware technology development and sales, economic information consulting, business management consulting (none of the above include restricted items); domestic trade (excluding franchise, Monopoly, Shangkong); import and export business (excluding items prohibited by laws and administrative regulations) and others.Employment LawsWe are subject to laws and regulations governing our relationship with our employees including: wage and hour requirements, working and safety conditions, and social insurance, housing funds and other welfare. These include local labor laws and regulations, which may require substantial resources for compliance.1313Chinas National Labor Law, which became effective on January 1, 1995, and Chinas National Labor Contract Law, which became effective on January 1, 2008, permit workers in both state and private enterprises in China to bargain collectively. The National Labor Law and the National Labor Contract Law provide for collective contracts to be developed through collaboration between the labor union (or worker representatives in the absence of a union) and management that specify such matters as working conditions, wage scales, and hours of work. The laws also permit workers and employers in all types of enterprises to sign individual contracts, which are to be drawn up in accordance with the collective contract. The National Labor Contract Law has enhanced rights for the nations workers, including permitting open-ended labor contracts and severance payments. The legislation requires employers to provide written contracts to their workers, restricts the use of temporary labor and makes it harder for employers to lay off employees. It also requires that employees with fixed-term contracts be entitled to an indefinite-term contract after a fixed-term contract is renewed once or the employee has worked for the employer for a consecutive ten-year period.TaxPursuant to the Provisional Regulation of China on Value Added Tax (VAT) and their implementing rules, all entities and individuals that are engaged in the sale of goods and the provision of value added services in China are generally required to pay VAT at a rate of 17.0% of the gross sales proceeds received, less any deductible VAT already paid or borne by the taxpayer.Foreign Currency ExchangeThe principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations promulgated by the State Council, as amended on August 5, 2008, or the Foreign Exchange Regulations. Under the Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Renminbi is freely convertible for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions. Conversion of Renminbi for capital account items, such as direct investments, loans, repatriation of investments and investments in securities outside of China, however, is still subject to the approval of the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE. Foreign-invested enterprises may only buy, sell and/or remit foreign currencies at those banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business after providing valid commercial documents and, in the case of capital account item transactions, obtaining approval from the SAFE. Capital investments by foreign-invested enterprises outside of China are also subject to limitations, which include approvals by the Ministry of Commerce, the SAFE and the State Reform and Development Commission.Dividend DistributionsUnder applicable PRC regulations, enterprises in China may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, enterprises in China is required to set aside at least 10.0% of its after-tax profit based on PRC accounting standards each year as its statutory general reserves until the accumulative amount of such reserves reach 50.0% of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. The board of directors of enterprise has the discretion to allocate a portion of its after-tax profits to staff welfare and bonus funds, which may not be distributed to equity owners except in the event of liquidation.PropertiesAll land in China is owned by the State. Individuals and companies are permitted to acquire rights to use land or land use rights for specific purposes. In the case of land used for industrial purposes, the land use rights are granted for a certain period no more than 50 years. This period may be renewed at the expiration of the initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations. We do not own or have not been granted land use rights to any property in China or any other countries. We rent our office space through a lease which we believe is adequate and suitable for our current operations.1414We have the property set forth in the table below.Location Size Leased/Owned/Granted Function Room 1205 1A, Building, Shenzhen Software Industry Base, Xuefu Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guandong, P.R.C. 450 square meters (approximately 4843 square feet) Leased OfficeSizeLeased/Owned/GrantedFunctionRoom 1205 1A, Building, Shenzhen Software Industry Base, Xuefu Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guandong, P.R.C. 450 square meters (approximately 4843 square feet) Leased Office450 square meters (approximately 4843 square feet)LeasedOfficeResearch and DevelopmentWe have an in-house R&D team consisting of skilled engineers to develop our apps. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, we incurred approximately $293,000 of research & development expenses for its in-house application development team.EmployeesAs of March 20, 2018, we have 41 full time employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our employees to be good.Legal ProceedingsWe may from time to time become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not a party to any material legal proceedings and no material legal proceeding has been threatened by us or, to the best of our knowledge, against us.1515RISK FACTORSAny investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below and all of the information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K before deciding whether to purchase, hold or sell our common stock. Our business, financial condition or results of our operations could be materially adversely affected by these risks, if any of them actually occur. Our shares of common stock are not currently listed on any national securities exchange. Some of these risk factors have affected our Companys financial condition and/or operating results in the past, or are currently affecting us. This Current Report on Form 8-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results, assuming we obtain financing and can commence our proposed business and operations, of which there can be no assurance, could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks described below and elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 8-K.RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRYThe ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Companys ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan.The Companys consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the Companys consolidated financial statements, during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, the Company incurred a net loss of $745,541, and used cash in operations of $571,636, and at September 30, 2017, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $1,546,324. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our financial statements as of September 30, 2017 and 2016 with respect to this uncertainty. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Companys ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.Management estimates that the current funds on hand will not be sufficient to continue operations through the next twelve months or for us to achieve our business plan to finalize the development of our software and applications. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of equity securities for cash and loans from our offices and controlling shareholders to operate our business, and estimates that additional capital will be necessary to support our operations and growth.No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing or cause substantial dilution for our stock holders, in case of equity financing. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on managements plans, which include further implementation of its business plan and continuing to raise funds through debt and/or equity raises.We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to predict our future operating results.Our operating entity, Shenzhen CX commenced its operation in late 2015. As a result of our limited operating history, our ability to accurately forecast our future operating results is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties. We have encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties (which we use to plan our business) are incorrect or changed due to changes in our markets, or if we do not address these risks and uncertainties successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer.1616The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed.The market for dating apps and mobile gaming apps is fragmented, rapidly evolving and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry for certain applications and services. Some of our competitors may enjoy better competitive positions in certain geographical regions or user demographics that we currently serve or may serve in the future. We expect competition in the online personals business to continue to increase because there are no substantial barriers to entry. We believe our ability to compete depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the following: the size and diversity of our member and paying subscriber bases;the size and diversity of our member and paying subscriber bases; the timing and market acceptance of our apps, including the developments and enhancements to those apps and features relative to those offered by our competitors;the timing and market acceptance of our apps, including the developments and enhancements to those apps and features relative to those offered by our competitors; customer service and support efforts;customer service and support efforts; selling and marketing efforts; andselling and marketing efforts; and our brand strength in the marketplace relative to our competitors.our brand strength in the marketplace relative to our competitors.We compete with traditional personals services, as well as newspapers, magazines and other traditional media companies that provide personals services. We also compete with a number of large and small companies, including Internet portals and specialty-focused media companies that provide online and offline products and services to the markets we serve. Our principal mobile-based apps competitors include Momo, Tantan, Baobao and others with respect to online dating and Happy Doudizhu, Clash of Clans, Clash Royale, JJ Doudizhu and others with respect to mobile gaming. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and larger customer bases than we do. These factors may allow our competitors to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer preferences. These competitors may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive pricing policies that may allow them to build larger member and paying subscriber bases than ours. Our competitors may develop products or services that are equal or superior to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services. These activities could attract members and paying subscribers away from our websites and reduce our market share.In addition, current and potential competitors are making, and are expected to continue to make, strategic acquisitions or establishing cooperatives and, in some cases, establishing exclusive relationships with significant companies or competitors to expand their businesses or to offer more comprehensive products and services. To the extent that these competitors or potential competitors establish exclusive relationships with major portals, search engines and Internet Service Providers, or ISPs, our ability to reach potential members through online advertising may be restricted. Any of these competitors could cause us difficulty in attracting and retaining members and converting members into paying subscribers and could jeopardize our existing affiliate program and relationships with portals, search engines, ISPs and other online properties.If we fail to stay current with new technologies and trend in online dating and mobile gaming, our applications could become obsoleteWe incur significant costs for research and development not only for the creation of new applications, but also for ensuring that our current applications will be compatible with new technologies. If our research and development team fail to upgrade our applications to stay current with new technologies or add new features that are popular for online dating and mobile gaming, our applications could become obsolete, which could result in a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.We depend on our key executives, and our business and growth may be severely disrupted if we lose their services.Our future success depends substantially on the continued services of our key executives. In particular, we are highly dependent upon Mr. Huibin Su, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and director, who has established relationships within the industries we operate. If we lose the services of one or more of our current executive officers, we may not be able to replace them readily, if at all, with suitable or qualified candidates, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain new officers with industry experience similar to our current officers, which could severely disrupt our business and growth. In addition, if any of our executives joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose some of our suppliers or customers. Furthermore, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue attracting and retaining experienced management and key research and development personnel.1717Competition for qualified candidates could cause us to offer higher compensation and other benefits in order to attract and retain them, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may also be unable to attract or retain the personnel necessary to achieve our business objectives, and any failure in this regard could severely disrupt our business and growth.The technology behind our products contains important intellectual property and know-how, and our ability to compete could be harmed if any such intellectual property and know-how are disclosed to third parties by our engineer.We regard our trademarks, patents, copyrights and other intellectual property as critical to our success. In particular, we have spent a significant amount of time and resources in developing our online dating and mobile gaming apps and our ability to protect our proprietary rights in connection with our platform and apps is critical for the success of our features and our overall financial performance. We expect to apply for additional patents, copyrights, trademarks and domains as we continue the development of our platform. However, we cannot assure you that our measures will be sufficient to protect our proprietary information and intellectual property.If we are not able to provide successful enhancements, new features and modifications to our services, our business could be adversely affected.Our industry is marked by rapid technological developments and new and enhanced applications and services. If we are unable to provide enhancements and new features for our existing services or new services that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments, our business could be adversely affected. The success of enhancements, new features and services depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of such enhancements, features or services. Failure in this regard may significantly impair our revenue growth. In addition, because our services are designed to operate on a variety of systems, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our services to keep pace with changes in internet-related hardware, mobile operating systems such as iOS and Android, and other software, communication, browser and database technologies. We may not be successful in either developing these modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market in a timely fashion. Furthermore, modifications to existing platforms or technologies will increase our research and development expenses. Any failure of our services to operate effectively with future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction and adversely affect our business.If we are not able to satisfy data protection, security, privacy, and other government- and industry-specific requirements, our growth could be harmed.There are a number of data protection, security, privacy and other government- and industry-specific requirements, including those that require companies to notify individuals of data security incidents involving certain types of personal data. Security compromises experienced by our competitors, by our future customers or by us may lead to public disclosures, which could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new future customers, or cause such future customers to elect not to renew their agreements with us. As we expand into new verticals and regions, we will need to comply with these and other new requirements. If we cannot comply or if we incur a violation in one or more of these requirements, our growth could be adversely impacted, and we could incur significant liability.We cannot accurately predict new subscription or expansion rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenue and operating results.At present we have few customers and little revenue. In order for us to improve our operating results and continue to grow our business, it is important that we attract new subscribers and expand in-app purchases for existing subscribers. To the extent we are successful in increasing our subscriber base, we could incur increased losses because costs associated with new subscribers are generally incurred up front, while revenue will be recognized ratably over the term of our subscription services. Alternatively, to the extent we are unsuccessful in increasing our subscriber base, we could also incur increased losses as costs associated with marketing programs and new products intended to attract new subscribers would not be offset by incremental revenue and cash flow. Furthermore, if our future subscribers do not expand their in-app purchases, our revenue may grow more slowly than we expect. All of these factors can negatively impact our future revenue and operating results.1818If we fail to effectively manage our technical operations infrastructure, our users may experience service outages and delays in the further deployment of our applications, which may adversely affect our business.We have experienced significant growth in the number of users and the amount of data that our operations infrastructure supports. We seek to maintain sufficient excess capacity in our operations infrastructure to meet the needs of all of our users. We also seek to maintain excess capacity to facilitate the rapid provisioning of new user deployments and the expansion of existing user deployments. In addition, we need to properly manage our technological operations infrastructure in order to support version control, changes in hardware and software parameters and the evolution of our services. However, the provision of new hosting infrastructure requires significant lead-time. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, network disruptions, outages and other performance problems. These problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, viruses, security attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage and denial of service issues. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time, which may harm our reputation and operating results. Furthermore, if we do not accurately predict our infrastructure requirements, our existing customers may experience service outages that may subject us to financial penalties, financial liabilities and customer losses. If our operations infrastructure fails to keep pace with increased sales, customers may experience delays as we seek to obtain additional capacity, which could adversely affect our reputation and our revenue.We focus on product innovation and user engagement rather than short-term operating results.We focus heavily on developing and launching new and innovative products and features, as well as on improving the user experience for our services. We also focus on growing the number of our users and paying organizations through direct field sales, direct inside sales, indirect channel sales and through word-of-mouth by individual users, some of whom use our services at no cost. We prioritize innovation and the experience for users on our platform, as well as the growth of our user base, over short-term operating results. We frequently make product and service decisions that may reduce our short-term operating results if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our goals to improve the user experience and to develop innovative features that we feel our users desire. These decisions may not be consistent with the short-term expectations of investors and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect.If the prices for our subscription and in-app purchases are unacceptable to our subscribers, our operating results will be harmed.As the market for online dating and mobile gaming matures, or as new or existing competitors introduce new applications or features that compete with ours, we may experience pricing pressure and lose existing subscribers or attract new subscribers at prices that are consistent with our pricing model and operating budget. If this were to occur, it is possible that we would have to change our pricing model or reduce our prices, which could harm our revenue, gross margin and operating results.Business evaluation is difficult because we have not yet commenced significant business activities.We are still a company in development stage and to date only have developed four mobile apps.We have generated a small amount of revenue and have incurred accumulated deficit of $1,546,324 as of September 30, 2017.You cannot evaluate our business or our future prospects due to our lack of operating history. As the date hereof, we have been involved in limited business activities. Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by development stage companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises.1919Furthermore, we anticipate that we will incur increased operating expenses without realizing any significant revenue. We therefore expect to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We recognize that if we are unable to generate sufficient revenues from our operations, we will not be able to continue operations.The lack of public company experience of our officers and directors could adversely impact our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of U.S. Securities laws.Our Officers and Directors, have had no responsibility for managing a public company in the United States, which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as those imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Such responsibility includes complying with federal securities laws and making required disclosures on a timely basis. In addition, our Officers and Directors may not be able to implement programs and policies in an effective and timely manner or in a manner which adequately responds to such increased legal, regulatory compliance and reporting requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which is necessary to maintain our public company status. If we were to fail to fulfill those obligations, our ability to continue as a U.S. public company would be in jeopardy, in which event you could lose your entire investment.Our executive officers do not reside in the United States.Our executive Officers do not reside in the United States. The U.S. shareholders would face difficulty in: effecting service of process within the United States on our Officers;effecting service of process within the United States on our Officers; enforcing judgments obtained in U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against the Officers;enforcing judgments obtained in U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against the Officers; enforcing judgments of U.S. courts based on civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws in foreign courts against our Officers; andenforcing judgments of U.S. courts based on civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws in foreign courts against our Officers; and bringing an original action in foreign courts to enforce liabilities based on the U.S. federal securities laws against our Officers.bringing an original action in foreign courts to enforce liabilities based on the U.S. federal securities laws against our Officers.We are an Emerging Growth Company and intend to take advantage of reduced disclosure and Governance Requirements applicable to Emerging Growth Companies; As a result our ordinary share may be less attractive to investors.We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012. We intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies than an emerging growth companies. Such exemptions include, but not limited to: not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer considered an emerging growth company, which in certain circumstances could be up to five years. There may be a less active trading market for our ordinary share and our stock price may be more volatile.Furthermore, we will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, although we will lose that status as of the following fiscal year if our total revenues exceed $1.07 billion, if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three year period, or if the market value of our ordinary share that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of our second fiscal quarter.2020RISKS RELATING TO OUR SECURITIESIf we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, the price of our common stock may be adversely affected.We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any failure of these controls could also prevent us from maintaining accurate accounting records and discovering accounting errors and financial frauds. Rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are complex, and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We may encounter problems or delays in completing activities necessary to make an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. If we cannot assess our internal control over financial reporting as effective, investor confidence and share value may be negatively impacted.In addition, managements assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure of managements assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting, or disclosure of our public accounting firms attestation to or report on managements assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock.Because of our lack of operations and the nature of our business, our securities are considered highly speculative.Our securities must be considered highly speculative, generally because of the nature of our business and the current lack of substantial development. We have only generated modest revenues to date, and there is little likelihood that we will realize any significant profits in the short term. Since we are still a development stage company, we will have to raise monies for our operations through the sale of our equity securities or debt in order to continue our business operations.We may, in the future, issue additional common shares that would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute our share value.The future issuance of preferred and/or common shares may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common shares held by our then existing stockholders. We may value any common shares issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common shares may have the effect of diluting the value of the common shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common shares.The Market for Penny Stock has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuseStockholders should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced salespersons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and, (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequential investor losses.Our common shares are subject to the Penny Stock Rules of the SEC, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock.The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security other than a security excluded from such definition by Rule 3a51-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. For the purposes relevant to our Company, it is any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.2121Our common shares are currently regarded as a penny stock, since our shares are not listed on a national stock exchange or quoted on the NASDAQ Market within the United States, to the extent the market price for its shares is less than $5.00 per share. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, to provide a customer with additional information including current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customers account, and to make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchasers written agreement to the transaction.To the extent these requirements may be applicable; they will reduce the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the common shares and may severely and adversely affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell the common shares.Trading in our stock is limited by the lack of market makers and FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholders ability to buy and sell our stock.In November 2017, though we were granted a trading symbol CXKJ by the Department after the appeal, we lost all market makers and traded on the OTC Grey Market which has limited quotations and marketability of securities. Holders of our common stock found it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of, our common stock, and the market value of our common stock declined. We plan to take the appropriate steps to up-list to the OTCQB Exchange and resume priced quotations with market makers as soon as it is able, however, we cannot assure whether and when we will be successful with respect to this plan.In addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the SEC, which are discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor, FINRA rules require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customers financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market value for our shares.Trading on the OCT Market may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares.Our common stock is listed on the OTC Grey Market operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. Trading in stock quoted on the OTC is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the OTC Market is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTC Market is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like Nasdaq or a stock exchange like NYSE. Accordingly, shareholders may have difficulty reselling any of the shares. At this time, there is no bid for our shares in the market, and there has been virtually limited trading in our shares for more than six months.Because we do not intend to pay any dividends on our shares, investors seeking dividend income or liquidity should not purchase our shares.We have not declared or paid any dividends on our shares since inception, and do not anticipate paying any such dividends for the foreseeable future. If payment of dividends does occur at some point in the future, it would be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition. The payment of any common stock dividends will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors. We presently intend to retain all earnings to promote our applications and develop new applications and add-on features to our existing applications; accordingly, we do not anticipate the declaration of any dividends for common stock in the foreseeable future. Investors seeking dividend income or liquidity should not invest in our shares.2222Because we can issue additional shares, purchasers of our shares may incur immediate dilution and may experience further dilution.We are authorized to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The board of directors of our company has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares, and to determine the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, without consent of any of our stockholders. Consequently, our stockholders may experience more dilution in their ownership of our company in the future.Our common stock may experience extreme rises or declines in price, and you may not be able to sell your shares at or above the price paid.Our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to extreme fluctuations in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including (but not necessarily limited to): (i) the trading volume of our shares; (ii) the number of securities analysts, market-makers and brokers following our common stock; (iii) changes in, or failure to achieve, financial estimates by securities analysts; (iv) actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; (v) conditions or trends in our business industries; (vi) announcements by us of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; (vii) additions or departures of key personnel; (viii) sales of our common stock; and (ix) general stock market price and volume fluctuations of publicly trading and particularly, microcap companies.Investors may have difficulty reselling shares of our common stock, either at or above the price they paid for our stock, or even at fair market value. The stock markets often experience significant price and volume changes that are not related to the operating performance of individual companies, and because our common stock is thinly traded it is particularly susceptible to such changes. These broad market changes may cause the market price of our common stock to decline regardless of how well we perform as a company. In addition, there is a history of securities class action litigation following periods of volatility in the market price of a companys securities. Although there is no such shareholder litigation currently pending or threatened against the Company, such a suit against us could result in the incursion of substantial legal fees, potential liabilities and the diversion of managements attention and resources from our business. Moreover, and as noted below, our shares are currently traded on the OTC-Pink and, further, are subject to the penny stock regulations. Price fluctuations in such shares are particularly volatile and subject to manipulation by market-makers, short-sellers and option traders.RISKS RELATING TO OUR CORPORATE STRUCTUREOur mobile app development business is subject to extensive regulation in China. If the PRC government finds that the contractual arrangement that establishes our corporate structure for operating our business does not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, we could be subject to severe penalties.Our mobile app development business is subject to extensive regulations in China. The Chinese government regulates various aspects of our business and operations, such as mobile app content, subscribing methods, subscription fees and etc. The laws and regulations applicable to the online dating sector are subject to frequent change, and new laws and regulations may be adopted, some of which may have a negative effect on our business, either retroactively or prospectively.If our ownership structure and contractual arrangements are found to be in violation of any PRC laws or regulations, or if we are found to be required but failed to obtain any of the permits or approvals for our mobile apps development business, the relevant PRC regulatory authorities, including the Cyberspace Administration of China or the CAC, which regulates the mobile app service industry in China, Ministry of Commerce of PRC, or the MOFCOM, which regulates the foreign investment in China would have broad discretion in imposing fines or punishments upon us for such violations, including: revoking the business and operating licenses of Shenzhen CX;revoking the business and operating licenses of Shenzhen CX; discontinuing or restricting any related-party transactions between Shenzhen CX and our affiliated entities;discontinuing or restricting any related-party transactions between Shenzhen CX and our affiliated entities; imposing fines and penalties, or imposing additional requirements for our operations which we, Shenzhen CX or our affiliated entities may not be able to comply with;imposing fines and penalties, or imposing additional requirements for our operations which we, Shenzhen CX or our affiliated entities may not be able to comply with;2323 revoking the preferential tax treatment available to us;revoking the preferential tax treatment available to us; requiring us to restructure the ownership and control structure; orrequiring us to restructure the ownership and control structure; or restricting or prohibiting our use of the proceeds of this offering to finance our business and operations in China, particularly the expansion of our business through strategic acquisitions.restricting or prohibiting our use of the proceeds of this offering to finance our business and operations in China, particularly the expansion of our business through strategic acquisitions.As of the date of this prospectus, similar ownership structure and contractual arrangements have been used by many China-based companies listed overseas, including a number of internet companies listed in the United States. To our knowledge, none of the fines or punishments listed above has been imposed on any of these public companies. However, we cannot assure you that such fines or punishments will not be imposed on us or any other companies in the future. If any of the above fines or punishments is imposed on us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.We rely on contractual arrangements with Shenzhen CX and its shareholders for our operations in China, which may not be as effective in providing control as direct ownership.We have relied and expect to continue to rely on the contractual arrangements with Shenzhen CX and its shareholders to operate our mobile app development business. For a description of these contractual arrangements, see VIE Agreements on page 5. However, these contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct equity ownership in providing us with control over Shenzhen CX. Any failure by our affiliated entities, including Shenzhen CX and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX, to perform their obligations under the contractual arrangements would have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position and consolidated financial performance of our company. For example, the contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through arbitration in the PRC. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with PRC law and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures. The legal system in the PRC is not as developed as some other jurisdictions, such as the United States. As a result, uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. In addition, if the legal structure and the contractual arrangements were found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws and regulations, we may be subject to fines or other legal or administrative sanctions.If the imposition of government actions causes us to lose our right to direct the activities of our affiliated entities or our right to receive substantially all the economic benefits and residual returns from our affiliated entities and we are not able to restructure our ownership structure and operations in a satisfactory manner, we would no longer be able to consolidate the financial results of our affiliated entities.Contractual arrangements between our affiliated entities and us may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and a finding that we or our affiliated entities owe additional taxes could materially reduce our net income and the value of your investment.Under PRC laws and regulations, transactions between related parties should be conducted on an arms-length basis and may be subject to audit or challenge by the PRC tax authorities. We could face material adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that the contractual arrangements among our subsidiary in the PRC, our affiliated entities and the shareholder of Shenzhen CX are not conducted on an arms-length basis and adjust the income of our affiliated entities through the transfer pricing adjustment. A transfer pricing adjustment could, among other things, result in, for PRC tax purposes, increased tax liabilities of our affiliated entities. In addition, the PRC tax authorities may require us to disgorge our prior tax benefits, and require us to pay additional taxes for prior tax years and impose late payment fees and other penalties on our affiliated entities for underpayment of prior taxes. To date, similar contractual arrangements have been used by many public companies, including companies listed in the United States, and, to our knowledge, the PRC tax authorities have not imposed any material penalties on those companies. However, we cannot assure you that such penalties will not be imposed on any other companies or us in the future. Our net income may be harmed if the tax liabilities of our affiliated entities materially increase or if they are found to be subject to additional tax obligations, late payment fees or other penalties.2424If any of our affiliated entities becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation proceeding, we may lose the ability to use and enjoy assets held by such entity, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.We currently conduct our operations in China through contractual arrangements with our affiliated entities and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX. As part of these arrangements, substantially all of our assets that are important to the operation of our business are held by our affiliated entities. If any of these entities goes bankrupt and all or part of their assets become subject to liens or rights of third-party creditors, we may be unable to continue some or all of our business activities, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of our affiliated entities undergoes a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding, its equity owner or unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights relating to some or all of these assets, which would hinder our ability to operate our business and could materially and adversely affect our business, our ability to generate revenue and the market price of our ordinary shares.If the custodians or authorized users of our controlling non-tangible assets, including chops and seals, fail to fulfill their responsibilities, or misappropriate or misuse these assets, our business and operations could be materially and adversely affected.Under PRC law, legal documents for corporate transactions, including agreements and contracts that our business relies on, are executed using the chop or seal of the signing entity or with the signature of a legal representative whose designation is registered and filed with the relevant Administration of Industry and Commerce.In order to maintain the physical security of our chops, we generally have them stored in secured locations accessible only to authorized employees. Although we monitor such authorized employees, the procedures may not be sufficient to prevent all instances of abuse or negligence. There is a risk that our employees could abuse their authority, for example, by entering into a contract not approved by us or seeking to gain control of one of our subsidiaries or affiliated entities. If any employee obtains, misuses or misappropriates our chops and seals or other controlling intangible assets for whatever reason, we could experience disruption to our normal business operations. We may have to take corporate or legal action, which could involve significant time and resources to resolve while distracting management from our operations.RISKS RELATING TO DOING BUSINESS IN CHINALabor laws in the PRC may adversely affect our results of operations.On June 29, 2007, the PRCs government promulgated the labor contract law of the PRC, which became effective on January 1, 2008 and was subsequently amended on December 28, 2012. The labor contract law imposes greater liabilities on employers and significantly affects the cost of an employers decision to reduce its workforce. Further, the law requires certain terminations be based upon seniority and not merit. In the event that we decide to significantly change or decrease our workforce, the labor contract law could adversely affect our ability to enact such changes in a manner that is most advantageous to our business or in a timely and cost-effective manner, thus materially and adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations.We may be exposed to liabilities under the foreign corrupt practices act and Chinese anti-corruption law.In connection with this offering, we will become subject to the U.S. foreign corrupt practices act (FCPA), and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to Chinese anti-corruption laws, which strictly prohibit the payment of bribes to government officials. We have operations, agreements with third parties, and make sales in China, which may experience corruption. Our activities in China create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees, consultants of our company, because these parties are not always subject to our control. We are in the process of implementing an anticorruption program, which will prohibit the offering or giving of anything of value to governmental officials or third parties, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. In the meantime, we believe to date we have complied in all material respects with the provisions of the FCPA and Chinese anti-corruption laws. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and the employees, consultants of our company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or Chinese anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the government may seek to hold our company liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire.2525Uncertainties with respect to the PRCs legal system could adversely affect us.We conduct a substantial amount of our business through our subsidiaries in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. Our PRC subsidiaries are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and, in particular, laws and regulations applicable to the operative joint venture enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on statutes. Prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.Since 1979, PRC legislation and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China. In particular, because some of these laws and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited volume of published decisions and their nonbinding nature, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.We are a holding company and we rely on funding for dividend payments from our subsidiaries, which are subject to restrictions under PRC laws.We are a holding company incorporated in Nevada and we operate our core businesses through our subsidiaries in the PRC. Therefore, the availability of funds for us to pay dividends to our shareholders and to service our indebtedness depends upon dividends received from such PRC subsidiaries. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and make payments on intercompany loans or advances to their shareholders is subject to, among other things, distributable earnings, cash flow conditions, restrictions contained in the articles of association of our subsidiaries, joint-venture contracts, applicable laws and restrictions contained in the debt instruments of such subsidiaries. If our subsidiary incurs debt or losses, its ability to pay dividends or other distributions to us may be impaired. As a result, our ability to pay dividends and to repay our indebtedness will be restricted. PRC laws require that dividends be paid only out of the after-tax profit of our PRC subsidiary calculated according to PRC accounting principles, which differ in many aspects from generally accepted accounting principles in other jurisdictions. PRC laws also require enterprises established in the PRC to set aside part of their after-tax profits as statutory reserves. These statutory reserves are not available for distribution as cash dividends. In addition, restrictive covenants in bank credit facilities or other agreements that we or our subsidiary entered into or may enter into in the future may also restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us. Further, starting from January 1, 2008, dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries to their non-PRC parent companies will be subject to a 10% withholding tax, unless there is a tax treaty between the PRC and the jurisdiction in which the overseas parent company is incorporated, which specifically exempts or reduces such withholding tax. Pursuant to a double tax treaty between Hong Kong and the PRC, if the non-PRC parent company is a Hong Kong resident and directly holds a 25% or more interest in the PRC enterprise, such withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5%. These restrictions on the availability of our funding may impact our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and to service our indebtedness.In addition, the PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the renminbi, or RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiary to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to us, or otherwise satisfy their foreign currency denominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from trade-related transactions can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also, at its discretion, restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our security-holders.2626Our business may be materially and adversely affected if any of our PRC subsidiaries declares bankruptcy or becomes subject to a dissolution or liquidation proceeding.The enterprise bankruptcy law of the PRC, or the bankruptcy law, came into effect on June 1, 2007. The bankruptcy law provides that an enterprise will be liquidated if the enterprise fails to settle its debts as and when they fall due and if the enterprises assets are, or are demonstrably, insufficient to clear such debts.Our PRC subsidiaries hold assets that are important to our business operations. If our PRC subsidiaries undergo a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding, unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights to some or all of these assets, thereby hindering our ability to operate our business, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.According to SAFEs provisions for administration of foreign exchange relating to inbound direct investment by foreign investors, effective on June 10, 2015, if our PRC subsidiaries undergo a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding, prior approval from the safe for remittance of foreign exchange to our shareholders abroad is no longer required, but we still need to conduct a registration process with the SAFE designated commercial bank. It is not clear whether registration is a mere formality or involves the kind of substantive review process undertaken by SAFE designated commercial bank.Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities.Changes in the value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies are affected by, among other things, changes in Chinas political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial condition, and the value of, and any dividends payable on our shares in U.S. dollar terms. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from our Offering into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of paying dividends on our Common Stock or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to us.Since July 2005, the RMB is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the peoples bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover, it is possible that in the future, PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market.Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies.It may be difficult to effect service of process and enforcement of legal judgments upon our Company and our officers and directors because they reside outside the United States.Our operations are based in China and all of our assets are located in China. In addition, a majority of our directors and officers reside in China. As a result, service of process on the Company and such foreign directors and officers may be difficult or impossible to effect within the United States. Moreover, China does not have treaties with the United States or many other countries providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of the judgment of courts. As a result, recognition and enforcement in China of judgments of a court in any of these jurisdictions may be difficult or impossible.2727PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident shareholders to penalties and limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to distribute profits to us, or otherwise adversely affect us.The SAFE promulgated the notice on relevant issues relating to domestic residents investment and financing and roundtrip investment through special purpose vehicles (SPV(s)), or Notice 37, in July 2014 that requires PRC residents or entities to register with SAFE or its local branch in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment or financing. In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their safe registrations when the offshore SPV undergoes material events relating to material change of capitalization or structure of the PRC resident itself (such as capital increase, capital reduction, share transfer or exchange, merger or spin off).On February 28, 2015, SAFE issued a notice according to which the aforesaid PRC residents or entities are no longer required to register with SAFE or its local branch, instead the aforesaid PRC residents or entities need to register with local banks. Failure by an individual to comply with the required SAFE registration and updating requirements described above may result in penalties up to RMB50, 000 imposed on such individual and restrictions being imposed on the foreign exchange activities of the PRC subsidiaries of such offshore SPV, including increasing the registered capital of, payment of dividends and other distributions to, and receiving capital injections for the offshore SPV. Failure to comply with Notice 37 may also subject relevant PRC residents or the PRC subsidiaries of such offshore SPV to penalties under PRC foreign exchange administration regulations for evasion of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. Our controlling shareholder Alex Brown (a.k.a You Chang) did not register with local SAFE branch or its delegated commercial bank when he acquired ownership of Sino Pride through his indirect holding of Victory Commercial Investment Ltd. in November 2016. Although Alex Brown was no longer a PRC nationality afterwards, we cannot assure you that our controlling shareholder will not be required under Notice 37 to register with local SAFE branch or its delegated commercial bank. These risks could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.Failure to comply with the individual foreign exchange rules relating to the overseas direct investment or the engagement in the issuance or trading of securities overseas by our PRC resident stockholders may subject such stockholders to fines or other liabilities.Other than Notice 37, our ability to conduct foreign exchange activities in the PRC may be subject to the interpretation and enforcement of the implementation rules of the administrative measures for individual foreign exchange promulgated by safe in January 2007 (as amended and supplemented, the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules). Under the individual foreign exchange rules, any PRC individual seeking to make a direct investment overseas or engage in the issuance or trading of negotiable securities or derivatives overseas must make the appropriate registrations in accordance with safe provisions. PRC individuals who fail to make such registrations may be subject to warnings, fines or other liabilities.We may not be fully informed of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. For example, because the investment in or trading of our shares will happen in an overseas public or secondary market where shares are often held with brokers in brokerage accounts, it is unlikely that we will know the identity of all of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. Furthermore, we have no control over any of our future beneficial owners and we cannot assure you that such PRC residents will be able to complete the necessary approval and registration procedures required by the individual foreign exchange rules.It is uncertain how the individual foreign exchange rules will be interpreted or enforced and whether such interpretation or enforcement will affect our ability to conduct foreign exchange transactions. Because of this uncertainty, we cannot be sure whether the failure by any of our PRC resident stockholders to make the required registration will subject our PRC subsidiaries to fines or legal sanctions on their operations, delay or restriction on repatriation of proceeds of this offering into the PRC, restriction on remittance of dividends or other punitive actions that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.Because our funds are held in banks that do not provide insurance, the failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds may affect our ability to continue to operate.Banks and other financial institutions in the PRC do not provide insurance for funds held on deposit. As a result, in the event of a bank failure, we may not have access to funds on deposit. Depending upon the amount of money we maintain in a bank that fails, our inability to have access to our cash may impair our operations, and, if we are not able to access funds to pay our employees and other creditors, we may be unable to continue to operate.2828If we are unable to obtain business insurance in the PRC, we may not be protected from risks that are customarily covered by insurance in the United States.Business insurance is not readily available in the PRC. To the extent that we suffer a loss of a type that would normally be covered by insurance in the United States, such as product liability and general liability insurance, we would incur significant expenses in both defending any action and in paying any claims that result from a settlement or judgment. We have not obtained fire, casualty and theft insurance, and there is no insurance coverage for our raw materials, goods and merchandise, furniture or buildings in China. Any losses incurred by us will have to be borne by us without any assistance, and we may not have sufficient capital to cover material damage to, or the loss of, our Victory Plaza due to fire, severe weather, flood or other causes, and such damage or loss may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business and prospects.Under the new enterprise income tax law, we may be classified as a resident enterprise of China. Such classification may result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders.China passed a new enterprise income tax law, or the new EIT law, which became effective on January 1, 2008. Under the new EIT law, an enterprise established outside of China with de facto management bodies within China is considered a resident enterprise, meaning that it can be treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the new EIT law define de facto management as substantial and overall management and control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties of the enterprise. In addition, a circular issued by the state administration of taxation on April 22, 2009 clarified that dividends and other income paid by such resident enterprises will be considered to be the PRCs source income and subject to the PRCs withholding tax. This recent circular also subjects such resident enterprises to various reporting requirements with the PRCs tax authorities.Although substantially all of our management is currently located in the PRC, it remains unclear whether the PRCs tax authorities would require or permit our overseas registered entities to be treated as PRC resident enterprises. We do not currently consider our company to be a PRC resident enterprise. However, if the PRCs tax authorities determine that we are a resident enterprise for the PRCs enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences may follow. First, we may be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income as well as the PRCs enterprise income tax reporting obligations. This would also mean that income such as interest on offering proceeds and non-China source income would be subject to the PRCs enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Second, although under the new EIT law and its implementing rules, dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiary would qualify as tax-exempt income, we cannot guarantee that such dividends will not be subject to a 10% withholding tax, as the PRC authorities responsible for enforcing the withholding tax have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for the PRCs enterprise income tax purposes. Finally, dividends paid to stockholders with respect to their shares of our Common Stock or any gains realized from transfer of such shares may generally be subject to the PRCs withholding taxes on such dividends or gains at a rate of 10% if the shareholders are deemed to be non-resident enterprises or at a rate of 20% if the shareholders are deemed to be non-resident individuals. In addition, any gain realized on the transfer of shares of our common stock by such investors is also subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 10%, subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in relevant tax treaties, if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. If dividends payable to our non-PRC investors or gains from the transfer of our common stock by such investors are subject to PRC tax, the value of your investment in our common stock may decline significantly.We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies.Pursuant to a notice, or Circular 698, issued by the State Administration of Taxation, where a non-resident enterprise conducts an indirect transfer by transferring the equity interests of a PRC resident enterprise indirectly via disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, and such overseas holding company is located in a tax jurisdiction that: (1) has an effective tax rate less than 12.5%; or (2) does not tax foreign income of its residents, the non-resident enterprise, being the transferor, shall report to the relevant tax authority of the PRC resident enterprise such indirect transfer. Using a substance over form principle, the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing, avoiding or deferring PRC tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax, currently at a rate of 10%. In 2015, the State Administration of Taxation issued a circular, known as Circular 7, which replaced or supplemented certain previous rules under Circular 698. Circular 7 sets out a wider scope of indirect transfer of PRC assets that might be subject to PRC enterprise income tax, and more detailed guidelines on the circumstances when such indirect transfer is considered to lack a bona fide commercial purpose and thus regarded as avoiding PRC tax. The conditional reporting obligation of the non-PRC investor under Circular 698 is replaced by a voluntary reporting by the transferor, the transferee or the underlying PRC resident enterprise being transferred. Furthermore, if the indirect transfer is subject to PRC enterprise income tax, the transferee has an obligation to withhold tax from the sale proceeds, unless the transferor reports the transaction to the PRC tax authority under Circular 7. Late payment of applicable tax will subject the transferor to default interest. Gains derived from the sale of shares by investors through a public stock exchange are not subject to the PRC enterprise income tax pursuant to Circular 7 where such shares were acquired in a transaction through a public stock exchange. Circular 698 was abolished by an announcement promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation in October 2017 and effective from December 1, 2017, or SAT Circular 37, which, among others, provides specific provisions on matters concerning withholding of income tax of non-resident enterprises at source.2929As newly implemented, there is uncertainty as to the application of Circular 7 and SAT Circular 37, both of which may be determined by the tax authorities to be applicable to our offshore restructuring transactions or sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries where non-resident enterprises, being the transferors, were involved. The PRC tax authorities may pursue such non-resident enterprises with respect to a filing regarding the transactions and request our PRC subsidiaries to assist in the filing. As a result, we and our non-resident enterprises in such transactions may become at risk of being subject to filing obligations or being taxed under Circular 7, and may be required to expend valuable resources to comply with Circular 7 or to establish that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under Circular 7, for our previous and future restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.The PRC government may issue further restrictive measures in the future.We cannot assure you that the PRCs government will not issue further restrictive measures in the future. The PRC governments restrictive regulations and measures could increase our operating costs in adapting to these regulations and measures, limit our access to capital resources or even restrict our business operations, which could further adversely affect our business and prospects.Our PRC subsidiaries are not incompliant with the taxation, environmental, employment and social security rules of China, and they may face penalties imposed by the PRC government.If our PRC subsidiaries fail to strictly comply with PRC laws and regulations to contribute towards social insurance premium and housing fund on behalf of their employees, which are based on the average salary of employees instead of their employees average monthly salary for the preceding year, as required by the applicable laws and regulations. We may be required by relevant authorities to make up the shortfall of social insurance premium and housing fund. Even after we have successfully settled all tax payables, if any PRC government authority takes the position that there is non-compliance with the taxation, environmental protection, employment and/or social security rules by our PRC subsidiary, they may be exposed to penalties from PRC government authorities, in which case the operation of our PRC subsidiary in question may be adversely affected.If relations between the United States and China worsen, our stock price may decrease and we may have difficulty accessing the U.S. capital markets.At various times during recent years, the United States and China have had disagreements over political and economic issues. Controversies may arise in the future between these two countries. Any political or trade conflicts between the United States and China could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock and our ability to access U.S. capital markets.Interpretation of PRC laws and regulations involves uncertainty.Our core business is conducted within China and is governed by PRCs laws and regulations. The PRCs legal system is based on written statutes, and prior court decisions can only be used as a reference. Since 1979, the PRCs government has promulgated laws and regulations in relation to economic matters such as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance, commerce, taxation and trade, with a view to developing a comprehensive system of commercial law, including laws relating to property ownership and development. However, due to the fact that these laws and regulations have not been fully developed, and because of the limited volume of published cases and the non-binding nature of prior court decisions, interpretation of PRCs laws and regulations involves a degree of uncertainty. Some of these laws may be changed without immediate publication or may be amended with retroactive effect. Depending on the government agency or how an application or case is presented to such agency, we may receive less favorable interpretations of laws and regulations than our competitors, particularly if a competitor has long been established in the locality of, and has developed a relationship with such agency. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and a diversion of resources and management attention. All of these uncertainties may cause difficulties in the enforcement of entitlements under our permits and other statutory and contractual rights and interests.3030MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OFFINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONSThe following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report.Certain statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, regarding, among other things, (a) our projected sales, profitability, and cash flows, (b) our growth strategy, (c) anticipated trends in our industry, (d) our future financing plans, and (e) our anticipated needs for, and use of, working capital. They are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, anticipate, estimate, plan, potential, project, continuing, ongoing, expects, management believes, we believe, we intend, or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.COMPANY OVERVIEWUpon the consummation of the Share Exchange, we engage in the business of developing and operating membership-based social network, dating and mobile gaming, and interactive live broadcast platforms. We are currently devoting our efforts to develop mobile applications and online platforms servicing the Asia market.CX Network Group, Inc., or CXKJ, owns 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Chuangxiang Holdings Inc., or CX Cayman, which was incorporated on February 4, 2016 under the laws of Cayman Islands. CX Cayman owns 100% of Chuangxiang (Hong Kong) Holdings Limited, or CX HK, since December 1, 2016. CX HK operates through its subsidiary, Chuangxiang Network Technology (Shenzhen) Limited, or CX Network. CX Network was incorporated on April 12, 2016 under the laws of Peoples Republic of China (PRC) as a wholly foreign owned enterprise and is engaged in the business of mobile applications development, commercial information consulting, cultural activities planning, marketing and advertising.On April 20, 2017, CX Network entered into a series of VIE Agreements with Shenzhen Chuangxiang Network Technology Limited, or Shenzhen CX, and its shareholders, in which CX Network effectively assumed management of the business activities of Shenzhen CX and has the right to appoint all executives and senior management and the members of the board of directors of Shenzhen CX. Shenzhen CX is a Chinese limited liability company and was formed under laws of the Peoples Republic of China on August 14, 2015. Shenzhen CX engages in the business of developing and operating membership-based social network, dating and mobile gaming, and interactive live broadcast platforms. The Company is currently devoting its efforts to develop mobile applications and online platforms servicing the Asia market.3131For more information of the VIE Agreements, please refer to the VIE Agreements on page 5.Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement signed on March 20, 2018, CXKJ acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding securities of CX Cayman in exchange for 5,350,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share of CXKJ. As a result of the Share Exchange, the business of CX Cayman becomes our business. As such, the following results of operations are focused on the operations of CX Cayman and exclude the operations of the Company prior to the Share Exchange.Foreign OperationsSubstantially all of our business operations are conducted in Mainland China. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects are subject to a significant degree to economic, political and legal developments in the PRC. We also have operations in Hong Kong. Operating in foreign countries involves substantial risk. For example, our business activities subject us to a number of Chinese laws and regulations, such as anti-corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy and security requirements, labor laws, intellectual property laws, privacy laws, and anti-competition regulations, which have uncertainties. Any failure to comply with the PRC laws and regulations could subject us to fines and penalties, make it more difficult or impossible to do business in China and harm our reputation.Operating in foreign countries also subjects us to risk from currency fluctuations. Our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. dollar denominated sales and operating expenses. The weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings. This could either reduce the U.S. dollar value of our prices or, if we raise prices in the local currency, it could reduce the overall demand for our offerings. Either could adversely affect our revenue. Conversely, a rise in the price of local currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could adversely impact our profitability because it would increase our costs denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins.Critical Accounting Policies and EstimatesGoing ConcernIn assessing the Companys liquidity, the Company monitors and analyzes its cash and cash equivalents and its operating and capital expenditure commitments. The Companys liquidity needs are to meet its working capital requirements, operating expenses and capital expenditure obligations. As of September 30, 2017, the Companys current liabilities exceeded the current assets, its accumulated deficit was approximately $1,550,000 and the Company has incurred losses since inception. None of the Companys stockholders, officers or directors, or third parties, are under any obligation to advance us funds, or to invest in us. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of our business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.Use of estimatesThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.3232Net loss per common shareThe Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. At September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the periods presented.Fair value of financial instrumentsThe Company follows the provisions of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:Level 1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date.Level 2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entitys own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information.The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, other receivable, prepaid expenses, accrued liabilities and other payable, and short-term loans approximate their fair market value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments.Management believes it is not practical to estimate the fair value of due to related party because the transactions cannot be assumed to have been consummated at arms length, the terms are not deemed to be market terms, there are no quoted values available for these instruments, and an independent valuation would not be practical due to the lack of data regarding similar instruments, if any, and the associated potential costs.Risks and UncertaintiesThe Companys operations are substantially carried out in the PRC. Accordingly, the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations maybe substantially influenced by the political, economic and legal environments in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRCs economy. The Companys operations in the PRC are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal environments and foreign currency exchange. The Companys results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things.Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and trade accounts receivable. Substantially all of the Companys cash is maintained with state-owned banks within the PRC, and no deposits are covered by insurance. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risks on its cash in bank accounts.Cash and cash equivalentsCash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments, which are unrestricted from withdrawal or use, or which have original maturities of three months or less when purchased.3333Accounts receivableAccounts receivable primarily represents the cash due from third-party application stores and other payment channels, net of allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company makes estimates for the allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its assessment of various factors, including the age of accounts receivable balances, credit quality of third-party application stores and other payment channels, current economic conditions and other factors that may affect their ability to pay. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded in the period in which a loss is determined to be probable. At September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company has determined the risk of uncollected receivable is remote.Property and equipment, netProperty and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Significant additions or improvements extending useful lives of assets are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation and amortization are computed based on cost, less their estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives as follows:Electronic equipment 3 years Furniture and fixtures 3 years Leasehold improvement Shorter of the lease term or their economic lives3 yearsFurniture and fixtures 3 years3 yearsLeasehold improvement Shorter of the lease term or their economic livesShorter of the lease term or their economic livesImpairment of long-lived assetsLong-lived assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be fully recoverable. It is possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology, economy or other industry changes. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested for possible impairment, the Company first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying value. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, relief from royalty income approach, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary.The Company makes various assumptions and estimates regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors in determining the fair values of the respective assets. The assumptions and estimates used to determine future values and remaining useful lives of long-lived assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by various factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as the Companys business strategy and its forecasts for specific market expansion. The Company did not record any impairment charges for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016.Income taxesThe Company utilizes ASC Topic 740 (ASC 740) Income taxes, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.ASC 740 Income taxes clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in tax positions. This interpretation requires that an entity recognizes in the financial statements the impact of a tax position, if that position is more likely than not of being sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company has elected to classify interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if and when required, as part of income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company evaluate the level of authority for each uncertain tax position (including the potential application of interest and penalties) based on the technical merits, and measure the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. As of September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits.3434Revenue recognitionThe Company currently recognizes revenue from users in the form of membership subscription and  la carte online credit purchases. Membership subscription is a service package which enables members to enjoy additional functions and privileges. Members pay in advance, primarily by using a debit card or through mobile app stores, and, subject to certain conditions identified in the Companys terms and conditions, all purchases are final and nonrefundable. Fees collected, in advance for memberships subscription are deferred and recognized as revenue using the straight-line method over the terms of the applicable membership period, which primarily range from one to three months. Membership subscription revenue is insignificant for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016.  la carte online credit purchases are non-refundable and the risk passes to users when users pay for  la carte features. Revenue from the purchase of  la carte features is recognized upon users paying for the purchase. Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; the price is fixed or determinable; and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue was recorded on a gross basis, net of surcharges and value added tax (VAT) of gross sales. The Company recorded revenue on a gross basis because the Company has the following indicators for gross reporting: is the primary obligor of the sales arrangements, has latitude in establishing prices, has discretion in suppliers selection and assumes credit risks on receivables from customers.Cost of revenuesCost of revenues primarily includes bandwidth costs, professional expenses associated with maintenance of mobile platform, and labor costs.Foreign currency translationThe reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of CX Network and Shenzhen CX is the local currency, the Chinese Renminbi (RMB) as PRC is the primary economic environment in which they operate. The functional currency of CX HK is Hong Kong Dollar (the HKD). The Companys subsidiaries or VIE with functional currency of RMB translate their operating results and financial positions into the U.S. dollar, the Companys reporting currency. Results of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the period, assets and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate at the end of the period, and equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Translation adjustments resulting from the process of translating the local currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are included in other comprehensive income in the statement of stockholders equity. The Company does not enter any material transaction in foreign currencies and accordingly, transaction gains or losses have not had, and are not expected to have, a material effect on the results of operations of the Company.Accumulated other comprehensive lossComprehensive loss is comprised of net loss and all changes to the statements of stockholders equity, except those due to investments by stockholders, changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders. For the Company, comprehensive loss for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 included net loss and unrealized loss from foreign currency translation adjustments.Research and development expensesResearch and development expenses include salaries and benefits for research and development personnel, depreciation expenses associated with the research and development activities, and other related expenses associated with product development. The Companys research and development activities primarily consist of the research and development of new features for its mobile platform and its self-developed mobile games. The Company has expensed all research and development expenses when incurred.3535Related partiesParties are considered to be related to the Company if the parties that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, control, are controlled by, or are under common control with the Company. Related parties also include principal owners of the Company, its management, members of the immediate families of principal owners of the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.Operating leasesThe Company has adopted FASB Accounting Standard Codification, or ASC 840. If the lease terms meet one or all of the following four criteria, it will be classified as a capital lease, otherwise, it is an operating lease: (1) The lease transfers the title to the lessee at the end of the term; (2) the lease contains a bargain purchase option; (3) the lease term is equal to 75% of the estimated economic life of the leased property or more; (4) the present value of the minimum lease payment in the term equals or exceeds 90% of the fair value of the leased property.Recent accounting pronouncementsIn May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which clarifies existing accounting literature relating to how and when a company recognizes revenue. Under ASU 2014-09, a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company does not expect a material impact on the consolidated financial statement upon the adoption of this ASU.In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. The amendments in ASU 2015-17 eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The amendments may be applied prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company does not expect a material impact on the consolidated financial statement upon the adoption of this ASU.In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes the existing guidance for lease accounting, Leases (Topic 840). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize leases on their balance sheets, and leaves lessor accounting largely unchanged. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted for all entities. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to elect to use certain transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash. These amendments require that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. As a result, amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. The amendments do not provide a definition of restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.3636In December 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20, Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments in ASU 2016-20 affect narrow aspects of the guidance issued in ASU 2014-09 including Loan Guarantee Fees, Contract Costs, Provisions for Losses on Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts, Disclosure of Remaining Performance Obligations, Disclosure of Prior Period Performance Obligations, Contract Modifications, Contract Asset vs. Receivable, Refund Liability, Advertising Costs, Fixed Odds Wagering Contracts in the Casino Industry, and Costs Capitalized for Advisors to Private Funds and Public Funds. The amendments in this ASU is effective for public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those periods. Early adoption is permitted under certain circumstances. The amendments should be applied prospectively as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF CX CaymanResults of Operations for the three months ended December 31, 2017 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2016RevenuesFor the three months ended December 31, 2017, we had total revenues of $229,859, as compared to $340 for the three months ended December 31, 2016. The revenues were generated through in-app purchases in our mobile applications Hot Chat and Little Love. The increase in the three months ended December 31, 2017 was primarily attributable to the significantly increased subscribers of Little Love and in-app purchases.Cost of RevenuesFor the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, cost of revenues amounted to $21,253 and $4,532, respectively. The increase of cost of revenues in the three months ended December 31, 2017 was primarily attributable to the increase of labor cost.Gross Profit (Loss)For the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, gross profit (loss) amounted to $208,606 and $(4,192), respectively. The increase of gross profit during the three months ended December 31, 2017 was primarily attributable to the increase in revenues.Selling ExpensesFor the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, selling expenses amounted to $14,352 and $12,953, respectively. The increase of selling expenses in the amount of $1,399 or 10.8% was primarily attributable to increase in selling services expense during the three months ended December 31, 2017.General and Administrative ExpensesFor the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, general and administrative expenses amounted to $259,449 and $55,829, respectively. The increase of general and administrative expenses in the amount of $203,620 or 364.7% was primarily attributable to the increase of salaries expense as a result of more employees hired and lease expense.Research and Development ExpensesFor the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, research and development expenses amounted to $129,866 and $12,278, respectively. The increase of research and development expenses in the amount of $117,588 or 957.7% during the three months ended December 31, 2017 was primarily attributable to the increased activities in developing new games and applications.Other (Expenses) IncomeFor the three months ended December, 2017, total other expense was $322 as compared to total other income of $70 for the three months ended December 31, 2016.3737Net lossFor the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, net loss amounted to $195,383 and $85,182, respectively. The increase of net loss in the amounts of $110,201 or 129.4% during the three months ended December 31, 2017 was a result of the factors described above.Foreign Currency Translation AdjustmentThe functional currency of our Shenzhen CX operating in the PRC is the Chinese Yuan or Renminbi (RMB). The financial statements of Shenzhen CX are translated to U.S. dollars using period end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange (for the period) for revenues, costs, and expenses. Net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions are included in the consolidated statements of operations.As a result of these translations, which are a non-cash adjustment, we reported a foreign currency translation loss of $20,257 for the three months ended December 31, 2017 as compared to a foreign currency translation gain of $2,239 for the three months ended December 31, 2016. This non-cash loss had the effect of increasing our reported comprehensive loss.Comprehensive LossFor the three months ended December 31, 2017, comprehensive loss of $215,640 is derived from the sum of our net loss of $195,383 plus foreign currency translation loss of $20,257. For the three months ended December 31, 2016, comprehensive loss of $82,943 is derived from the sum of our net loss of $85,182 and offset by the foreign currency translation gain of $2,239.Results of Operations for the Year ended September 30, 2017 Compared to the Year ended September 30, 2016RevenuesFor the year ended September 30, 2017, we had total revenues of $174,456, as compared to $3,431 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The revenues were generated through in-app purchases in our mobile applications Hot Chat and Little Love. The increase of $171,025, or 498%, during the fiscal year 2017 was primarily attributable to the significantly increased subscription of Little Love.Cost of RevenuesFor the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, cost of revenues amounted to $30,990 and $15,178, respectively. The increase of cost of revenues in 2017 was primarily attributable to the increase of labor cost and professional expenses associated with maintenance of mobile platform.Gross Profit (Loss)For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, gross profit (loss) amounted to $143,466 and $(11,747), respectively. The increase of cost of revenues in 2017 was primarily attributable to the increase in revenues.Selling ExpensesFor the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, selling expenses amounted to $20,402 and $663,375, respectively. The decrease of selling expenses in the amount of $643K in 2017 was primarily attributable to decrease in professional services expense.General and Administrative ExpensesFor the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, general and administrative expenses amounted to $428,220 and $107,912, respectively. The increase of general and administrative expenses of $320,308, or 296.8% in 2017 was primarily attributable to the increase of salaries expense and lease expense.Research and Development ExpensesFor the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, research and development expenses amounted to $293,209 and $17,508, respectively. The increase of research and development expenses in the amount of $276K was primarily attributable to the increased activities in developing new games and applications.Other Income (Expenses)For the year ended September 30, 2017, total other expense was $147,176 as compared to total other income of $75 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The decrease is primarily attributable to the donation of $147K to a public welfare.3838Net lossFor the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, net loss amounted to $745,541 and $800,667, respectively. The decrease of net loss in the amounts of $55K was a result of the factors described above.Foreign Currency Translation AdjustmentThe functional currency of our VIE entity operating in the PRC is the Chinese Yuan or RMB. The financial statements of our VIE are translated to U.S. dollars using period end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange (for the period) for revenues, costs, and expenses. Net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions are included in the consolidated statements of operations.As a result of these translations, which are a non-cash adjustment, we reported a foreign currency translation loss of $17,260 for the year ended September 30, 2017 as compared to a foreign currency translation loss $20,786 for the year ended September 30, 2016. This non-cash loss had the effect of increasing our reported comprehensive loss.Comprehensive LossFor the year ended September 30, 2017, comprehensive loss of $762,801 is derived from the sum of our net loss of $745,541 plus foreign currency translation loss of $17,260. For the year ended September 30, 2016, comprehensive loss of $821,453 is derived from the sum of our net loss of $800,667 plus foreign currency translation loss of $20,786.LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCESIn assessing the Companys liquidity, the Company monitors and analyzes its cash and cash equivalents and its operating and capital expenditure commitments. The Companys liquidity needs are to meet its working capital requirements, operating expenses and capital expenditure obligations. As of December 31, 2017, the Companys working capital deficit was approximately $216,000 as compared to working capital deficit of approximately $932,000 as of September 30, 2017. As of December 31, 2017 and September 30, 2017, the Companys accumulated deficit was approximately $1,742,000 and $1,546,000, respectively, and the Company has incurred losses since inception.Cash flows from the Company's operations are calculated based upon the local currencies using the average translation rate. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheets.The following summarizes the key components of the Companys cash flows for the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016:Three Months Ended December 31, 2017 2016 Net cash used in operating activities $(196,431) $(98,243) Cash flows used in investing activities $(3,713) $(1,888) Cash flows provided by financing activities $237,298 $105,173 Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalent $1,129 $(906) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents $38,283 $4,136Three Months Ended December 31,2017 201620172016Net cash used in operating activities $(196,431) $(98,243)$(196,431)$(98,243)Cash flows used in investing activities $(3,713) $(1,888)$(3,713)$(1,888)Cash flows provided by financing activities $237,298 $105,173$237,298$105,173Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalent $1,129 $(906)$1,129$(906)Net increase in cash and cash equivalents $38,283 $4,136$38,283$4,136Net cash used in operating activities for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was $196,431 as compared to net cash used in operating activities of $98,234 for the three months ended December 31, 2016. The increase in cash used in operating activities for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was mainly due to increase in the net loss of approximately $117,000.3939Net cash used in investing activities for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was $3,713 as compared to $1,888 for the three months ended December 31, 2016. The increased spending for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was because the Company expanded its operations and purchased more office equipment and office furniture, and invested in leasehold improvement.Net cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was $237,298 as compared to $105,173 for the three months ended December 31, 2016. The increase in cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was mainly due to increase in proceeds from related parties of approximately $319,000, partially offset by increase in repayments to related parties of approximately $187,000.The following summarizes the key components of the Companys cash flows for the years ended September, 2017 and 2016:Years Ended September 30, 2017 2016 Net cash used in operating activities $(571,636) $(776,369) Cash flows used in investing activities $(101,305) $(6,141) Cash flows provided by financing activities $687,293 $805,520 Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalent $38 $(2,441) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents $14,390 $20,569Years Ended September 30,2017 201620172016Net cash used in operating activities $(571,636) $(776,369)$(571,636)$(776,369)Cash flows used in investing activities $(101,305) $(6,141)$(101,305)$(6,141)Cash flows provided by financing activities $687,293 $805,520$687,293$805,520Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalent $38 $(2,441)$38$(2,441)Net increase in cash and cash equivalents $14,390 $20,569$14,390$20,569Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2017 was $571,636 as compared to net cash used in operating activities of $776,369 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in cash used in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2017 was mainly due to:Decrease in the net loss of approximately $55,000, andDecrease in the net loss of approximately $55,000, andIncrease in accrued liabilities and other payables of approximately $157,000.Increase in accrued liabilities and other payables of approximately $157,000.Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2017 was $101,305 as compared to $6,141 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The increased spending for the year ended September 30, 2017 was because the Company expanded its operations and purchased more office equipment and office furniture, and invested in leasehold improvement.Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2017 was $687,293 as compared to $805,520 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2017 was mainly due to:Decrease in capital contribution from stockholders of approximately $767,000, andDecrease in capital contribution from stockholders of approximately $767,000, andIncrease in repayment to related parties of approximately $220,000, Partially offset by:Increase in repayment to related parties of approximately $220,000, Partially offset by:Partially offset by:Increase in proceeds from related parties of approximately $824,000, andIncrease in proceeds from related parties of approximately $824,000, andIncrease in proceeds from short-term loans of approximately $45,000.Increase in proceeds from short-term loans of approximately $45,000.OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTSAs of September 30, 2017 and 2016, there are no off-balance sheet arrangements between us and any other entity that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to our investors.4040DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIESCommon StockWe are authorized to issue 20,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share. As of the date of this report, there are 19,836,670 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Each outstanding share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote, either in person or by proxy, on all matters that may be voted upon by their holders at meetings of the stockholders.All shares of common stock have equal rights and privileges with respect to voting, liquidation and dividend rights. Each share of common stock entitled the hold thereof (a) to one non-cumulative vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders; (b) to participate equally and to receive any and all such dividends as may be declared by the board of directors; and (c) to participate in any distribution of assets available for distribution upon liquidation. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights to acquire additional shares of common stock or any other securities.At the completion of the Share Exchange, our officers and directors collectively own approximately 84.11% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock on an undiluted basis.Series A Convertible DebentureAs of the date hereof, there are a Series A convertible debenture in an aggregate principal amount of $150,000 (the Debenture) issued and outstanding. The Series A convertible debenture, by its principal terms,(a) carries a 8% annual interest; (b) is convertible at any time at the holders discretion into shares of Common Stock at $0.15 per share; and (c) matures on April 18, 2018.(a)carries a 8% annual interest;(b) is convertible at any time at the holders discretion into shares of Common Stock at $0.15 per share; and(b)is convertible at any time at the holders discretion into shares of Common Stock at $0.15 per share; and(c) matures on April 18, 2018.(c)matures on April 18, 2018.Copy of Series A convertible debenture is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.7.MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE COMPANYS COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERSOur common stock trades in the OTC Grey marketplace under the symbol CXKJ". The OTC marketplace is a quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last-sale prices, and volume information in over-the-counter ("OTC") equity securities. OTC Grey Market has limited quotations and marketability of securities. We plan to take the appropriate steps to up-list to the OTCQB Exchange and resume priced quotations with market makers as soon as it is able, however, we cannot assure whether and when we will be successful with respect to this plan.Price Range of Common StockThe following table shows, for the periods indicated, the high and low bid prices per share of our post-split Common Stock as reported by the OTC Markets, Inc. These bid prices represent prices quoted by broker-dealers on the OTCBB quotation service. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions, and may not represent actual transactions.High Low Fiscal Year 2016 First quarter ended December 31, 2015 $0.09 $0 Second quarter ended March 31, 2016 $0.15 $0.04 Third quarter ended June 30, 2016 $0.15 $0.06 Fourth quarter ended September 30, 2016 $0.13 $0.05 Fiscal Year 2017 First quarter ended December 31, 2016 $0.15 $0.05 Second quarter ended March 31, 2017 $0.15 $0 Third quarter ended June 30, 2017 $0.45 $0 Fourth quarter ended September 30, 2017 $0 $0 Fiscal Year 2018 First quarter ended December 31, 2016 $0 $0HighLowFiscal Year 2016First quarter ended December 31, 2015 $0.09 $0$0.09$0Second quarter ended March 31, 2016 $0.15 $0.04$0.15$0.04Third quarter ended June 30, 2016 $0.15 $0.06$0.15$0.06Fourth quarter ended September 30, 2016 $0.13 $0.05$0.13$0.05Fiscal Year 2017First quarter ended December 31, 2016 $0.15 $0.05$0.15$0.05Second quarter ended March 31, 2017 $0.15 $0$0.15$0Third quarter ended June 30, 2017 $0.45 $0$0.45$0Fourth quarter ended September 30, 2017 $0 $0$0$0Fiscal Year 2018First quarter ended December 31, 2016 $0 $0$0$04141Stockholders of RecordAs of the date of this report, there were 8 stockholders of record of our Common Stock.DividendsThere were no dividends paid during the years ended September 30, 2017 or 2016.Rule 144In general, under Rule 144 a person, or persons whose shares are aggregated, who is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at any time during the 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned shares of our Common Stock for at least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner, except if the prior owner was one of our affiliates, would be entitled to sell all of their shares, provided the availability of current public information about our company.Sales under Rule 144 may also subject to manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about our company. Any substantial sale of Common Stock pursuant to any resale registration statement or Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock by creating an excessive supply.Because we were a shell company with no operations prior to the close of the Share Exchange, sales of our shares must be compliant with Rule 144(i). Pursuant to Rule 144(i), none of our shares of Common Stock may be sold under Rule 144 until March [20], 2018, which is 12 months after the filing of this current report on Form 8-K reporting the closing of the Share Exchange. Additionally, stockholders may not sell our shares pursuant to Rule 144 unless at the time of the sale, we have filed all reports, other than reports on Form 8-K, required under the Exchange Act with the SEC for the preceding 12 months.Recent Sales of Unregistered SecuritiesOn March 31, 2017, in connection with the spinoff of Ding King, MLGT issued three Notes for an aggregate amount of $133,000, with a 5% annual interest rate. On April 19, 2017, the noteholders converted the outstanding principal amounts of their Notes into an aggregate number of 13,300,000 shares of Common Stock of MLGT at a conversion price of $.01 per share. In addition, all the noteholders agree to waive their rights to receive the payment of accrued and outstanding interest under the Notes.On April 19, 2017, the Company issued series A Convertible Debenture to a purchaser in an aggregate principal amount of $150,000 with a 8% annual interest convertible into shares of Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share at price of $.01 per share.On March 20, 2018, the Company issued 5,350,000 shares of Common Stock to the former shareholders of CX Cayman in exchange of 100% equity interest in CX Cayman pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement.The shares of Common Stock issued to the Noteholders upon conversion of the Notes, the Debenture issued to the purchaser and the shares issued to the former shareholders of CX Cayman by the Company are issued pursuant to the exemption from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Rule 506 and/or Regulation S promulgated thereunder.4242SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT FOLLOWING THE CHUANGXIANG SHARE EXCHANGEThe following table sets forth certain information regarding the ownership of our capital stock, as of the date of this report, for: by (i) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of the outstanding common stock, (ii) each executive officer and director of the Company, and (iii) all of our executive officers and directors as a group.Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. For purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 19, 2018. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our Common Stock held by each person or group of persons named below, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 19, 2018 is deemed to be outstanding for such person, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership.Unless otherwise indicated, the Company believes that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of the Company, Room 1205, 1A Building, Shenzhen, Software Industry Base, Xuefu Rd, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, GuangdongProvince, China.Title of Class Name and Address Number of Common Shares Beneficially Owned Percent of Class (1) Directors and Officers Common Stock Huibin Su, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 11,288,167(1) 56.91% Common Stock Jiyin Li, Chairman 5,395,167(2) 27.20% Common Stock Zizhong Huang, Chief Operating Officer - - Common Stock All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 16,683,334 84.11% 5% Holders Common Stock Continent Investment Management Limited(3) 2,728,500 13.76% Common Stock Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited(4) 2,621,500 13.22%Name and AddressNumber of Common Shares Beneficially OwnedPercent of Class (1)Directors and OfficersDirectors and OfficersCommon Stock Huibin Su, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 11,288,167(1) 56.91%Huibin Su, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director11,288,167(1)56.91%Common Stock Jiyin Li, Chairman 5,395,167(2) 27.20%Jiyin Li, Chairman5,395,167(2)27.20%Common Stock Zizhong Huang, Chief Operating Officer - -Zizhong Huang, Chief Operating Officer--Common Stock All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 16,683,334 84.11%All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons)16,683,33484.11%5% Holders5% HoldersCommon Stock Continent Investment Management Limited(3) 2,728,500 13.76%Continent Investment Management Limited(3)2,728,50013.76%Common Stock Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited(4) 2,621,500 13.22%Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited(4)2,621,50013.22%(1)Including 8,666,667 shares of Common Stock directly held by Mr. Su and 2,621,500 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Su through his holding of Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited.(1)Including 8,666,667 shares of Common Stock directly held by Mr. Su and 2,621,500 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Su through his holding of Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited.(2)Including 2,666,667 shares of Common Stock directly held by Mr. Li and 2,728,500 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Li through his ownership of Continent Investment Management Limited.(2)Including 2,666,667 shares of Common Stock directly held by Mr. Li and 2,728,500 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Li through his ownership of Continent Investment Management Limited.(3)Mr. Li holds 100% membership interest of Continent Investment Management Limited, a British Virgin Islands company with its principal business address at Unit 8, 3/F., Qwomar Trading Complex, Blackbune road, Port Purcell, Road Town, Torotla, British Virgin Islands.(3)Mr. Li holds 100% membership interest of Continent Investment Management Limited, a British Virgin Islands company with its principal business address at Unit 8, 3/F., Qwomar Trading Complex, Blackbune road, Port Purcell, Road Town, Torotla, British Virgin Islands.(4)Mr. Su holds 100% equity interest of Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited, a British Virgin Islands company with its principal business address at Unit 8, 3/F., Qwomar Trading Complex, Blackbune road, Port Purcell, Road Town, Torotla, British Virgin Islands(4)Mr. Su holds 100% equity interest of Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited, a British Virgin Islands company with its principal business address at Unit 8, 3/F., Qwomar Trading Complex, Blackbune road, Port Purcell, Road Town, Torotla, British Virgin Islands4343Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsAs used in this report, unless otherwise indicated, the terms we and us refer to CX Network Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (previously known as mLight Tech, Inc., a Florida corporation,), its owned subsidiary CX Cayman, Chuangxiang (Hong Kong) Holdings Limited (CX HK), Chuangxiang Network Technology (Shenzhen) Limited (CX Network) and Shenzhen Chuangxiang Network Technology Limited (Shenzhen CX), who is controlled by us via various contracts.CX NetworkShenzhen CXOverviewMLGT was founded in September 2010 to provide software solutions that simplify the management of networked personal computers. MLGT originally planned to develop products to automate network inventory and reporting, diagramming and documentation, problem identification and resolution, and compliance. On September 3, 2010, a total of 12,000,000 shares of Common Stock were issued to our then sole officer and director, Edward Sanders, all of which are restricted securities, as defined in Rule 144 of the Rules and Regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Securities Act.The Company became a publicly reporting company pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file No.333-169805), declared effective on December 16, 2010 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). Subsequently on January 31, 2011, the Company sold 1,600,000 shares of its Common Stock to 24 shareholders pursuant to the registration statement.On February 26, 2013, the Company effectuated a 20-for-1 forward split of its Common Stock, upon which 20,000,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock were authorized.On June 7, 2013, the board of directors of the Company (the Board of Directors) elected Todd Sudeck as President, Secretary, CFO and sole director of the Company and accepted the resignation of Edward Sanders as President and sole director of the Company. On August 1, 2013, Todd Sudeck acquired all of the capital stock of the Company owned by Edward Sanders, consisting of 12,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company, which constituted approximately 88.2% of the then total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.Acquisition of Ding King Training Institute, Inc.On October 31, 2013, MLGT acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of The Ding King Training Institute, Inc. (Ding King), an entity controlled by Todd Sudeck, our then sole officer and director pursuant to an agreement of exchange and sale of stock dated October 31, 2013. Upon closing of the transactions underlying the exchange agreement, the Company acquired Ding King and Ding King became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.11Securities Purchase Agreement Mr. Huibin Su, Mr. Jiyin Li and Chaoran ZhangOn March 31, 2017, Todd Sudeck entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA) with Mr. Huibin Su, Mr. Jiyin Li, Mr. Chaoran Zhang (each a Purchaser and together, the Purchasers) and MLGT pursuant to which the Purchasers acquired an aggregate of 12,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the SPA Shares) from Todd Sudeck for an aggregate purchase price of $325,000. The transaction contemplated in the SPA closed on the same day (the SPA Closing). The SPA Shares represented approximately 87.17% of then issued and outstanding Common Stock of MLGT. In connection with the SPA Closing, Todd Sudeck, resigned from all his positions with the Company as the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and the sole member of the Board of Directors.PurchaserPurchasersSPA SharesSPA ClosingSimultaneously with the SPA Closing, Mr. Huibin Su was appointed as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a director of the Board, Mr. Jiyin Li was appointed as the Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Zizhong Huang was appointed as the Companys Chief Operating Officer, all effective immediately upon SPA Closing.Disposition of our Wholly-owned Subsidiary, Ding KingOn March 31, 2017, MLGT entered into a spin-off with Ding King, and Todd Sudeck (the Spin-Off Agreement). Pursuant to the Spin-Off Agreement, Todd Sudeck received all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Ding King in exchange for approximately 166,667 shares of Common Stock of the Company owned by Mr. Sudeck. Immediately upon and after the closing of the Spin-Off Agreement, Mr. Sudeck became the sole equity owner of Ding King and MLGT no long holds any equity interest in Ding King.Issuance and Conversion of the Promissory NotesPursuant to the Spin-Off Agreement, MLGT issued three promissory notes (the Notes) to three holders for an aggregate amount of $133,000, with a 5% annual interest rate. On April 19, 2017, MLGT entered into a note conversion Agreement (the Conversion Agreement) with three note holders (the Converters) to convert their Notes into the Companys common stock. Pursuant to the Conversion Agreement, the entire principal amount of the Notes was converted into an aggregate number of approximately 886,667 shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.15 per share (the Note Conversion). Upon execution of the Conversion Agreement, all the Converters agree to waive their rights to receive the payment of accrued and outstanding interest under the Notes as of the date of the Conversion Agreement.Conversion AgreementConvertersNote ConversionIssuance of DebentureOn April 19, 2017, MLGT entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Debenture Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which MLGT issued and sold in a private placement to a non-U.S. person a series A convertible debenture in an aggregate principal amount of $150,000 (the Debenture) with a 8% annual interest convertible into shares of Common Stock at price of $0.15 per share. The Debenture Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties and customary termination provisions including that, subject to the terms of the Debenture Purchase Agreement, the Debenture Purchase Agreement may be terminated prior to closing by mutual written agreement between the Company and the Purchaser.Name Change, Domicile Change and Reverse SplitOn July 11, 2017, MLGT merged with and into CXKJ (the Merger), with CXKJ as the surviving corporation that operates under the name CX Network Group, Inc. (the Name Change), pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement) dated July 3, 2017.Name ChangeMerger AgreementPursuant to the Merger Agreement, immediately after the effective time of the Merger, the Companys corporate existence is governed by the laws of the State of Nevada and the Articles of Incorporation and bylaws of CXKJ (the Domicile Change), and each outstanding share of MLGTs common stock, par value $0.0001 per share was converted into 0.0667 outstanding share of common stock of CXKJ, par value $0.0001 per share at a one-for-fifteen reverse split ratio.22The Name Change, Merger and Reverse Split was approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) on July 11, 2017 and such corporation actions took effect at the open of business on July 12, 2017. Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Reverse Split, we had 217,300,000 shares of common stock of MLGT issued and outstanding. Immediately upon the effectiveness of the reverse stock split, we have 14,486,670 shares of Common Stock of CXKJ issued and outstanding.On August 11, 2017, the Company was notified by FINRA Department of Market Operations (the Department) that they did not process the Reverse Split because they believed that the documentation provided by the Company did not support the Companys request to process a reverse split. In the same letter, the Department notified the Company that they processed the Companys request of the Merger, the mechanism the Company used to consummate the corporate actions mentioned above. Also in that letter, the Department mentioned that it announced the Reverse Split on July 11, 2017 but subsequently revised the announcement on July 28, 2017. On August 14, 2017, the Company received a notice from the Department that they did not process the symbol change because there is currently no symbol assigned to the Company.On August 16, 2017, the Company appealed the decisions made by the Department as mentioned herein above in connection with Reverse Stock Split, Name Change and Domicile Change (for more information about the corporate actions, refer to the current report on Form 8-K the Company filed on July 12, 2017). On October 3, 2017, a Subcommittee of FINRAs Uniform Practice Code Committee decided to remand the case to the Department for further review. Subsequently, the Department granted the Companys application for a symbol change. On November 3, 2017, the trading symbol for the Company was changed to CXKJ, effective immediately. The new CUSIP number is 12672T 108.Acquisition of CX Cayman.On March 20, 2018, pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, CXKJ acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding equity securities of CX Cayman in exchange for 5,350,000 shares of Common Stock of CXKJ. The acquisition was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization effected by an acquisition. CX Cayman is considered the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes. The assets and liabilities of the acquired entity have been brought forward at their book value and no goodwill has been recognized.33The corporate structure of the Company subsequent to the closing of the Share Exchange is illustrated as follows:The address of our principal executive offices and corporate offices is Room 1205, 1A Building, Shenzhen Software Industry Base, Xuefu Rd, Nanshan District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province, China.Principal Terms of the Share Exchange AgreementOn March 20, 2018, the Company, CX Cayman and the shareholders of CX Cayman entered into the Share Exchange Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue an aggregate of 5,350,000 shares of its Common Stock, representing 26.91% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company immediately after closing, to CX Caymans shareholders in exchange for 100% of the issued and outstanding securities of CX Cayman.Both the Company and CX Cayman believed that the Share Exchange is in the best interest of their respective shareholders. The Company believed that the Share Exchange would enhance the value of the Company through the acquisition of 100% equity interest in CX Caymans viable business, and CX Cayman believed that such transaction would afford CX Cayman access to the U.S. capital market and other possible financial resources. Prior to the execution of the Share Exchange Agreement, there is material relationship had existed between the Company and CX Cayman that the shareholders of CX Cayman are shareholders and officers and/or directors of CXKJ. As a result of the execution of the Share Exchange Agreement, Mr. Huibin Su and Mr. Jiyin Li collectively hold 16,683,334 shares of Common Stock of CXKJ, representing 84.11% equity interest of CXKJ.44As a result of the Share Exchange, the business of CX Cayman is now our business.CX Cayman and its operationsCX Cayman does not have any substantive operations other than holding CX HK, which in return holding CX Network, who controls Shenzhen CX through certain contractual arrangementsVIE AgreementsIn April 2017, Shenzhen Chuangxiang Network Technology (Shenzhen) Limited (CX Network), the wholly owned subsidiary of Chuangxiang (Hong Kong) Holdings Limited (CX HK), which is the wholly owned subsidiary of CX Cayman, Shenzhen Cuangxiang Network Technology Limited (Shenzhen CX) and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX entered into a series of contractual agreements for Shenzhen CX to qualify as variable interest entity or VIE (the VIE Agreements). The VIE Agreements are as follows:CX HKShenzhen CXVIE AgreementsConsulting Service AgreementPursuant to the terms of certain Exclusive Technology Consulting Service Agreement dated April 20, 2017, between CX Network and Shenzhen CX (the Consulting Service Agreement), CX Network is the exclusive technology consulting service provider to Shenzhen CX to provide research and development support to related software and technology, responsible for computer network equipment, web design, monitor, test and security, in charge of the network maintenance, repair and security; applications development and market study, etc. Pursuant to the Consulting Service Agreement, Shenzhen CX agreed to pay a service fee to CX Network at a range of 90% to 100% of the monthly gross profit of Shenzhen CX based on certain factors set forth in the agreement, and Shenzhen CX agreed not to engage any third party for any of its technology consulting services provided under the agreement without the written consent of CX Network. In addition, Shenzhen CX has agreed not to establish any business cooperation with any third party without a written consent of CX Network and CX Network and/or its affiliates are entitled to a right of first refusal to cooperate with Shenzhen CX under the same conditions. This Agreement is valid for a term of 10 years subject to any extension requested by CX Network unless terminated by CX Network unilaterally prior to the expiration.The foregoing summary of the Consulting Service Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Consulting Service Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Form 8-K.Management AgreementPursuant to the terms of certain Management Agreement dated April 20, 2017, among CX Network, Shenzhen CX and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX (the Management Agreement), Shenzhen CX has agreed to subject the operations and management of its business to the control of CX Network. According to the Management Agreement, Shenzhen CX is not allowed to conduct any transactions that has substantial impact upon its operations, assets, rights, obligations and personnel without the CX Networks written approval. CX Network has agreed to provide necessary financial supports whenever Shenzhen CX has operational difficulties. The shareholders of Shenzhen CX have agreed to transfer any dividends, distributions or any other profits that they receive as the shareholders of Shenzhen CX to CX Network without consideration. This Agreement is valid for a term of 10 years unless terminated earlier by CX Network with a 30-day written notice, provided that CX Network can extend the agreement before its expiration.The foregoing summary of the Management Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Management Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Form 8-K.55Irrevocable Powers of AttorneyThe shareholders of Shenzhen CX have each executed an irrevocable power of attorney, dated April 20, 2017, to appoint CX Network as their exclusive attorneys-in-fact to vote on their behalf on all Shenzhen CXs matters requiring shareholders approval. The term of each power of attorney is valid for 10 years but may be extended upon CX Networks request.The foregoing summary of the Exclusive Option Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Exclusive Option Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Form 8-K.Exclusive Option AgreementPursuant to the terms of certain Exclusive Option Agreement dated April 20, 2017, among CX Network, Shenzhen CX, and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX (the Exclusive Option Agreement), the shareholders of Shenzhen CX granted CX Network or its designees an irrevocable and exclusive purchase option (the Option) to purchase Shenzhen CXs all equity interests and/or assets at a purchase price of RMB 10, 000 subject to an adjustment to the amount equal to 1% of the evaluation of the total equity interest or asset of Shenzhen CX if such evaluation is required under the applicable PRC laws and regulations. The Option is exercisable at any time at CX Networks discretion in full or in part, to the extent permitted by PRC law. In the event that CX Network chooses to exercise only a portion of the Option, the purchase price shall be determined pro rata based on the portion of the equity interest and assets that CX Network desires to purchase. The Option is transferrable in full or in part by CX Network. Shenzhen CX has agreed without the written consent of CX Network, not to, among others, (i) amend its articles of incorporation; (ii) increase or decrease its registered capital or change its capital structure; (iii) transfer, dispose or pledge its material assets, business, profit or interest; (iv) provide loan or credit to any third party; or (v) enter into material contract or carry any debt out of the ordinary course of business. It further agrees to maintain good standing during the term of the Exclusive Option Agreement. The Exclusive Option Agreements is valid until that it is terminated by CX Network with 30 days written notice or all Shenzhen CXs equity interest and assets are transferred to CX Network or its third party designee.The foregoing summary of the Exclusive Option Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Exclusive Option Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to this Form 8-K.Equity Pledge AgreementPursuant to the terms of certain Equity Pledge Agreement dated April 20, 2017, among CX Network and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX (the Pledge Agreement), the shareholders of Shenzhen CX pledged all of their equity interests in Shenzhen CX to CX Network, including the proceeds thereof, to guarantee Shenzhen CXs performance of its obligations under the Management Agreement, the Consulting Service Agreement and the Exclusive Option Agreement (each, a Agreement, collectively, the Agreements). If Shenzhen CX or its shareholders breach its respective contractual obligations under any Agreement, or cause to occur one of the events regards as an event of default under any Agreement, CX Network, as pledgee, will be entitled to certain rights, including the right to dispose of the pledged equity interest in Shenzhen CX. During the term of the Pledge Agreement, the pledged equity interests cannot be transferred without CX Networks prior written consent. The Pledge Agreements is valid until all the obligations due under the Agreements have been fulfilled unless terminated upon 30 days written notice by CX Network.AgreementsThe foregoing summary of the Equity Pledge Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Equity Pledge Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.5 to this Form 8-K.Intellectual Property License AgreementPursuant to the terms of certain intellectual property license agreement dated April 20, 2017 between the CX Network and Shenzhen CX (the  IP License Agreement), the CX Network is entitled to receive (i) a non-assignable, exclusive, and revocable license to certain registered trademarks owned by Shenzhen CX for use in connection with the goods or services approved by Shenzhen CXs registered trademarks, and (ii) a license to all of Shenzhen CXs copyrights, use and exploitation rights of Shenzhen CXs computer software products, including resale rights and rights in and to any and all associated media.66The term of the IP License Agreement is 10 year from April 20, 2017 to April 20, 2027. The IP License Agreement can be renewed subject to a renewal notice from CX Network 2 months prior to its expiration. Additionally, both parties can terminate this IP License Agreement if either party commits a material breach and fails to cure such breach after 10 days of receiving the notice to cure from the other party. The License contains certain quality control requirements, branding and advertising guidelines and approval processes that CX Network is required to maintain.The foregoing summary of the IP License Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the IP License Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.6 to this Form 8-K.BUSINESSCOMPANY OVERVIEWImmediately prior to entering into the Share Exchange Agreement with CX Cayman and shareholders of CX Cayman, we were a shell company with no significant asset or operation. As a result of the Share Exchange, we operate through our PRC affiliated entity, namely Shenzhen CX, located in Shenzhen, China. CX Cayman does not have any substantive operations other than holding CX HK, which in return holding CX Network, who controls Shenzhen CX through certain contractual arrangements.All references to the Company, we, our or us in this report are to CXKJ and its subsidiaries and Shenzhen CX.Our business consists of development and operation of online dating and mobile gaming products.Our online dating products Little Love () and Hotchat () are mobile applications geared towards Chinese singles designed to increase a users likelihood of finding a romantic connection. Our mission is to help individuals forge life-long relationships with others that share their interests and values. Through these mobile applications, our users can search for and communicate with other like-minded individuals. Our product creates a virtual community where users can meet, chat and message. We operate location-based social networks for meeting new people on mobile platforms, including on iPhone, Android, iPad and other tablets that facilitate interactions among users and encourage users to connect and chat with each other.Our online dating mobile platforms monetize through advertising, in-app purchases, and paid subscriptions. The Company offers online marketing capabilities, which enable marketers to display their advertisements in different formats and in different locations. In the near future, we plan to offer sophisticated data science for highly effective hyper-targeting. The Company is actively seeking the opportunities to works with its advertisers to maximize the effectiveness of their campaigns by optimizing advertisement formats and placements.Our mobile gaming products Eternal Tribe () and Bole Jiangmen Card and Board Game (Bole) () are Android-based mobile games developed solely by us to diversify our product portfolio. As China mobile game market continues to grow at rapid pace, our management team believe it is the right time to leverage our expertise in gaming app development to tap into this hot market. Both of our game apps offer interesting features that we feel have potentially wide appeal. With Eternal Tribe targeting at young millennial gamers who enjoy role-playing games on the go and Bole targeting at casual gamers who need easy-to-play games to past time, we expect these two products to become the major force in driving the growth of our company in the future. Our R&D team is currently developing Eternal Tribe international edition and Bole Guangdong edition to attract more users and subscribers.We officially launched Eternal Tribe and Bole Card and Board Game in first quarter of 2018. The revenue from the two mobile games was immaterial for the first quarter of 2018 as the two games were newly launched and we were testing the water for the acceptance and popularity of these two games.As of March 31, 2018, we had approximately 1,836,678 registered members for Little Love, 118,549 registered members for Hotchat, 7,694 registered members for Eternal Tribe and 785 registered members for Bole Card and Board Game.Our IndustryOur current primary business is in the online dating industry, which we believe fulfills significant needs for single adults looking to meet a companion. Traditional methods such as printed personals advertisements, offline dating services and public gathering places often do not meet the needs of single people. Printed personals advertisements offer individuals limited personal information and interaction before meeting. Offline dating services are time-consuming, expensive and offer a smaller number of potential partners. Public gathering places such as restaurants, bars and other social venues provide a limited opportunity to learn about others prior to an in-person meeting. In contrast, online personals services facilitate interaction between singles by allowing them to screen and communicate with a large number of potential companions before they meet in-person. With features such as detailed personal profiles, email, mobile chat and instant messaging, this medium allows users to communicate with other singles at their convenience and affords them the ability to meet multiple people in an anonymous, convenient and secure setting.77The online personals industry in China has experienced significant growth in recent years. According to 2017 Chinas Online Dating & Matchmaking Report, the revenue of Chinas online dating & matchmaking sector reached approximately 500 million USD in 2016, accounting for 36.5% of the total revenue of dating & matchmaking market. It is expected that the proportion will expand to 41.7% by 2019. Members of the millennial generation (individuals under 35 years old) tend to have the highest usage of online or mobile personals sites because of the large gender imbalance caused by one-child policy launched by Chinese government back in 1980. (source: http://www.iresearchchina.com/content/details8_31990.html)Another focus of our business is mobile gaming. According to the 2017 China Mobile Games Market Report, China is the single most important market in the world for mobile games. There are more than 500 million gamers in China, more than the entire population of the United States, which presents a great opportunity for local and global game developers and publishers. Mobile game revenue is the fastest growing segment and is projected to overtake PC online games in 2018, making up 58% of total games revenue in 2021. There were 503 million mobile gamers in 2016, rising to 699 million in 2021. Domestic market size in 2016 was $8.4 billion, rising to $14.4 billion in 2021. The demand for e-sports and the expansion into new genres suitable for core gamers are two of many drivers in the fast-growth mobile games market. The Top 20 of 400+ Android app stores account for 95% of distribution. Market share of new, expensive phones has fallen dramatically to the demand for quality, low-cost Android phones with mid to high-end specs (source data: http://www.cgigc.com.cn).Our ProductsOnline Dating ProductsOur core subscription online dating services offer single adults a convenient and secure setting for meeting other singles. Users of our mobile applications are encouraged to become registered members and post profiles. Posting a profile is a process in which visitors are asked various questions about themselves, including information such as their tastes in food, hobbies and desired attributes of potential partners. Members may also post photos of themselves. Members can perform detailed searches of other profiles and save their preferences, and their profiles can be viewed by other members. In most cases, for a member to initiate email and instant message communication with others, that member must purchase a subscription and become a subscriber. A subscription affords access to the paying subscribers on-site email, mobile chat, and instant messaging systems, enabling such subscribers to communicate with other members and paying subscribers. Our uses make in-app purchases on an on-demand basis. Our users can pay subscription fee on monthly or annual basis to receive discounted prices for in-app purchases and additional or expanded features available only for subscribers. As of September 30, 2017, we had 761,764 users in Little Love and 91,232 users in Hot Chat, respectively. As of December 31, 2017, we had 1,200,825 users in Little Love and 110,209 users in Hot Chat, respectively.Little Love ()Platform Features. Little Love offers different ways for our users to communicate including:Private Chat. Users can utilize this feature to share message, voice mail, photos and emojis with each other in a completely private setting.On-Site Email. We provide all subscribers with private message centers. These personal on-site email boxes offer features such as customizable folders for storing correspondence, the ability to know when sent messages were read, as well as block and ignore functions, which allow paying subscribers to control future messages from specific paying subscribers.88Hot Lists and Favorites. Hot Lists enable users to see who is interested in them and to save those favorite members in which they have an interest. Lists include (1) who has viewed their profile, (2) their favorites and (3) who has emailed them. Users can maintain their favorites on a list and add their own customized notes.Instant Message. Paying subscribers can use our instant messaging system to communicate with other subscribers in real-time. This allows subscribers to communicate directly with another subscriber online at the same time instantly.People Nearby. People Nearby connects users with random nearby locals for chatting and meeting up. This feature allows users to quickly establish connections and increase likelihood of finding someone who has similar interests.In-App Purchase Store. Our In-App Purchase feature enables users to purchase and give virtual gifts to other users who think they would be compatible with each other. A user can also purchase virtual items to customize and personalize her profile.Hotchat ()Platform Features. Hotchat offers different ways for our users to establish connections with professional live chat hosts instead of unknown strangers. The live chat between users and hosts are protected by high level of privacy so that our users could feel comfortable and engaged. Although Hotchat offers similar features as Little Love, it primarily focuses on assisting our male users connecting with female live chat hosts.Mobile Gaming ProductsDuring the three months ended December 31, 2017, our R&D department focused on the development of mobile gaming products. In January 2018, we launched two mobile gaming applications: Eternal Tribe () and Bole Jiangmen Card and Board Game (). For Eternal Triber, our users can deposit fund on as needed basis for the in-app purchases and for Bole, our users pay for each game that they want to play.Eternal TribeThe Eternal Tribe is a battle role-playing mobile game (RPG). This game, built with unity 3D engine, is designed to bring gamers intense and character-driven narratives, transport them into the most authentic World of Warcraft (WOW) environment and allow gamers to live out fantasy epics. Players take command of heroes from various races and have the options to customize their characters in a way similar to WOW. There is also the deluxe edition that offers additional features to help gamers in turn-based battles and give gamers options to waltz their ways through the story campaign and adjust their strategies in extra game modes. The combat system in this game is well-crafted to capture the intense sensation of fantasy warfare, and the unique weapon selection system further enhances the game experience. The abundance of strategic combat options offered by this game makes it well worth a go for fans of tactical RPGs.Bole Jiangmen Card and Board Game ()Card Bo-Le Collection is an Android-based puzzle casual mobile game. It is designed to be an online multiplayer game that delivers the thrill of real time friendly competitions. Card Bo-Le Collection has several exciting features including but not limited to the following: a diverse and growing collection of card collectibles.a diverse and growing collection of card collectibles.a comprehensive online Frequently Asked Question (FAQ) section available in-game for beginners.a comprehensive online Frequently Asked Question (FAQ) section available in-game for beginners.99 a smartly designed drag-drop interface.a smartly designed drag-drop interface.seamless online multiplayer experience, allowing gamers connecting with their friends from around the world.seamless online multiplayer experience, allowing gamers connecting with their friends from around the world.easy-to-use Invite and Compete features allowing gamers and their friends to enjoy the game anywhere, anytime.easy-to-use Invite and Compete features allowing gamers and their friends to enjoy the game anywhere, anytime. tons of in-game trophies, awards, and achievements ready to be earned.tons of in-game trophies, awards, and achievements ready to be earned.Sales and MarketingWe engage in a variety of marketing activities intended to drive user traffic to our mobile applications and give us the opportunity to introduce our products and services to prospective users. For our online dating apps, we (i) pay various mobile app channels to broadcast our apps to raise awareness of our products and increase their ranking to attract new users, (ii) engage in self-promoting on social media, (iii) advertise our products via our cooperative public platforms, (iv) organize off-line experience events and activities; and (v) we work with Hong Kong Xinglong Entertainment to engage its celebrity Girls Group 1n1 sisters as our product representative and singing the song Little Love for our application. With respect to our mobile gaming application which we launched in January 2018, our marketing strategy focus on seeking well known network and platform providers to broadcast the games, improving the products to raise its ranking in appstores, and display advertising to increase the exposure to attract new users.Customer ServiceOur call center and email support teams monitor our mobile applications for fraudulent activity, assist members with billing questions, help members complete personal profiles and answer technical questions. Customer service representatives receive ongoing training in an effort to better personalize the experience for members and paying subscribers who call or email us and to capitalize on upselling opportunities.TechnologyOur internal product teams are focused on the development and maintenance of products in addition to building and managing our software and hardware infrastructure. We intend to continue investing in the development of new products, such as mobile applications, and enhancing the efficiency and functionality of our existing products and infrastructure.Our network infrastructure and operations are designed to deliver high levels of availability, performance, security and scalability in a cost-effective manner. We operate web and database servers co-located at a third party data center facility in Irvine, California.Intellectual PropertyWe do not have any intellectual property. Each following intellectual property is registered under and owned by Shenzhen CX and granted to us through the IP License Agreement:Patents: In China, the term for utility model patents is 10 years from the filing date.Patent Registered Area Registration Number Patent Type Registering Authority Registration Date A method of quick friend recommendation and making friends based on Bliss theorem China 201810004413.5 Utility Patent State Intellectual Property Office 01/2018 A method of establishing friendly social relations based on accelerometer sensor China 201810004321.8 Utility Patent State Intellectual Property Office 01/2018Registered AreaRegistration NumberPatent TypeRegistering AuthorityRegistration DateDateA method of quick friend recommendation and making friends based on Bliss theorem China 201810004413.5 Utility Patent State Intellectual Property Office 01/2018China201810004413.5Utility PatentState Intellectual Property Office01/2018A method of establishing friendly social relations based on accelerometer sensor China 201810004321.8 Utility Patent State Intellectual Property Office 01/2018China201810004321.8Utility PatentState Intellectual Property Office01/20181010Copyrights: In China, the term of copyrights related to published software is from the date of the publishing to December 31 of the 50th year of the publishing.thComputer Software Registered Area Registration Number Description Registering Authority Registration Date Hot-Chat Social Application V1.0 China 2015SR209323 Social network platform National Copyright Administration of the Peoples Republic of China (NCAC) 10/2015 Hot-Chat Chatting Sytem (ios) V1.0.0 China 2016SR052205 Social network platform NCAC 3/2016 Little Love ios platform V1.0.0 China 2016SR250624 Mobile dating and social application NCAC 7/2016 Little Love Lover Pairing android platform V. 1.0.7 China 2017SR133444 Mobile dating and social application NCAC 4/2017 Online game Eternal Tribe software V1.0 China 2017SR259394 Online fantasy mobile game based on Greek mythology NCAC 6/2017 Bole Guangdong Mahjong software, V1.0 China 2017SR260719 Mobile board and card game NCAC 6/2017 Little flame social software android platform China 2016SR342537 Social network platform NCAC 11/2016 You have a date android platform China 2016SR342565 Social network platform NCAC 11/2016Registered AreaRegistration NumberDescriptionRegistering AuthorityRegistration DateDateHot-Chat Social Application V1.0 China 2015SR209323 Social network platform National Copyright Administration of the Peoples Republic of China (NCAC) 10/2015China2015SR209323Social network platformNational Copyright Administration of the Peoples Republic of China (NCAC)10/2015Hot-Chat Chatting Sytem (ios) V1.0.0 China 2016SR052205 Social network platform NCAC 3/2016China2016SR052205Social network platformNCAC3/2016Little Love ios platform V1.0.0 China 2016SR250624 Mobile dating and social application NCAC 7/2016China2016SR250624Mobile dating and social applicationNCAC7/2016Little Love Lover Pairing android platform V. 1.0.7 China 2017SR133444 Mobile dating and social application NCAC 4/2017China2017SR133444Mobile dating and social applicationNCAC4/2017Online game Eternal Tribe software V1.0 China 2017SR259394 Online fantasy mobile game based on Greek mythology NCAC 6/2017China2017SR259394Online fantasy mobile game based on Greek mythologyNCAC6/2017Bole Guangdong Mahjong software, V1.0 China 2017SR260719 Mobile board and card game NCAC 6/2017China2017SR260719Mobile board and card gameNCAC6/2017Little flame social software android platform China 2016SR342537 Social network platform NCAC 11/2016China2016SR342537Social network platformNCAC11/2016You have a date android platform China 2016SR342565 Social network platform NCAC 11/2016China2016SR342565Social network platformNCAC11/2016Trademarks: In China, the term of a registered trademark is 10 years. The owner can apply extension with the trademark office within six months before or after the expiration. The review process of a trademark application usually takes about one year in China.Trademarks Registered Area Trademark Number Category Description Registering Authority Term China TMZC18469330D01T170306 Category 38(1) Category 45(2) Trademark Office of The State Administration For Industry & Commerce of the Peoples Republic of China (the Trademark Office) 1/2017-1/2027 Live Love China Not available Category 9 (3) Category 38(1) Category 41(4) Category 42(5) Category 45(2) The Trademark Office Processing, pending approvalRegistered AreaTrademark NumberNumberCategory DescriptionRegistering AuthorityTermChina TMZC18469330D01T170306 Category 38(1) Category 45(2) Trademark Office of The State Administration For Industry & Commerce of the Peoples Republic of China (the Trademark Office) 1/2017-1/2027ChinaTMZC18469330D01T170306Category 38(1) Category 45(2)Category 45(2)Trademark Office of The State Administration For Industry & Commerce of the Peoples Republic of China (the Trademark Office)1/2017-1/2027Live Love China Not available Category 9 (3) Category 38(1) Category 41(4) Category 42(5) Category 45(2) The Trademark Office Processing, pending approvalChinaNot availableCategory 9 (3) Category 38(1) Category 41(4) Category 42(5) Category 45(2)Category 38(1)Category 41(4)Category 42(5)Category 45(2)The Trademark OfficeProcessing, pending approval(1)Category 38 includes information transmission; telephone communication; computer terminal communication; computer-aided information and image transmission; providing global computer network telecommunications connection service; providing global computer network user service; providing Internet chat room; providing database access service; Transmission; digital file transfer.(1)Category 38 includes information transmission; telephone communication; computer terminal communication; computer-aided information and image transmission; providing global computer network telecommunications connection service; providing global computer network user service; providing Internet chat room; providing database access service; Transmission; digital file transfer.1111(2)Category 45 includes dating services; open insurance lock; marriage introduction; fire control; organization of religious rallies; adoption agency; lost property; fire extinguisher rental; fire extinguisher rental; plan and arrange wedding services.(2)Category 45 includes dating services; open insurance lock; marriage introduction; fire control; organization of religious rallies; adoption agency; lost property; fire extinguisher rental; fire extinguisher rental; plan and arrange wedding services.(3)Category 9 includes data processing equipment; computer storage device; computer; recorded computer operating program; disk; floppy disk; recorded computer operating program; encoded magnetic card; microprocessor; computer software (recorded).(3)Category 9 includes data processing equipment; computer storage device; computer; recorded computer operating program; disk; floppy disk; recorded computer operating program; encoded magnetic card; microprocessor; computer software (recorded).(4)Category 41 includes organizational culture or educational exhibitions; organizing sports competitions; organizing performances (performances); arranging and organizing concerts; organizing for recreational purposes; arranging and organizing concerts; arranging and organizing concerts; fashion show; fashion show for entertainment.(4)Category 41 includes organizational culture or educational exhibitions; organizing sports competitions; organizing performances (performances); arranging and organizing concerts; organizing for recreational purposes; arranging and organizing concerts; arranging and organizing concerts; fashion show; fashion show for entertainment.(5)Category 42 includes computer software design; computer software update; computer hardware design and development consulting; computer software rental; recovery of computer data; computer software design; computer software design; ; computer software maintenance; computer software system analysis; computer system design; computer program copy; tangible data or files into electronic media; computer software installation; computer program and data conversion (non-tangible conversion); computer software consulting ; network server rental; provide internet search engine.(5)Category 42 includes computer software design; computer software update; computer hardware design and development consulting; computer software rental; recovery of computer data; computer software design; computer software design; ; computer software maintenance; computer software system analysis; computer system design; computer program copy; tangible data or files into electronic media; computer software installation; computer program and data conversion (non-tangible conversion); computer software consulting ; network server rental; provide internet search engine.Domains: In China, the registration of domains can be extended by annual renewal or periodic renewal by paying the annual or periodic registration fee. If renewal registration fee is not paid timely, the domain will become available to the public. Shenzhen CX has timely paid annual registration fee for all its domains.Names Registration Date Registering Authority chuangxiangkj.hk 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration chuangxiang.hk 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration chuangxiangkj.cn 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration chuangxiangkj.com.cn 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration chuangxiangkj.com 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration ixiaolianai.com 7/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration ichuaungxiang.com 9/2015 Guangdong Communication Administration reliaoapp.com 8/2015 Guangdong Communication AdministrationRegistration DateDateRegistering Authoritychuangxiangkj.hk 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration6/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationchuangxiang.hk 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration6/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationchuangxiangkj.cn 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration6/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationchuangxiangkj.com.cn 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration6/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationchuangxiangkj.com 6/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration6/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationixiaolianai.com 7/2016 Guangdong Communication Administration7/2016Guangdong Communication Administrationichuaungxiang.com 9/2015 Guangdong Communication Administration9/2015Guangdong Communication Administrationreliaoapp.com 8/2015 Guangdong Communication Administration8/2015Guangdong Communication AdministrationCompetitionWe operate in a highly competitive environment with minimal barriers to entry. We believe the primary competitive factors in creating a community on the Internet are functionality, brand recognition, reputation, critical mass of members, member affinity and loyalty, ease-of-use, quality of service and reliability. We compete with a number of large and small companies, including vertically integrated Internet portals and specialty-focused media companies that provide online and offline products and services to the online dating market we serve. Our principal online dating services competitors include other mobile applications such as Momo, Tantan, Baobao and others. Our principal mobile gaming competitors include other online gaming applications such as Happy Doudizhu, Clash of Clans, Clash Royale, JJ Doudizhu and others. In addition, we face competition from new entrants that have recently offered free and freemium mobile applications such as Feeling.1212We believe our ability to compete depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the following: the size and diversity of our member and paying subscriber bases;the size and diversity of our member and paying subscriber bases; the timing and market acceptance of our apps, including the developments and enhancements to those apps and features relative to those offered by our competitors;the timing and market acceptance of our apps, including the developments and enhancements to those apps and features relative to those offered by our competitors; customer service and support efforts;customer service and support efforts; selling and marketing efforts; andselling and marketing efforts; and our brand strength in the marketplace relative to our competitors.our brand strength in the marketplace relative to our competitors.Government RegulationsOur business is regulated by diverse and evolving laws and governmental authorities in China. We are subject to laws and regulations related to Internet communications, privacy, consumer protection, security and data protection, intellectual property rights, commerce, taxation, entertainment, recruiting and advertising. These laws and regulations are becoming more prevalent, and new laws and regulations are under consideration by the Chinese governments. Any failure by us to comply with existing laws and regulations may subject us to liabilities. New laws and regulations governing such matters could be enacted or amendments may be made to existing regulations at any time that could adversely impact our services. Plus, legal uncertainties surrounding Chinese government regulations could increase our costs of doing business, require us to revise our services, prevent us from delivering our services over the Internet or slow the growth of the Internet, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.Business LicenseAny company that conducts business in the PRC must have a business license that covers the scope of the business in which such company is engaged. Following the Share Exchange, we conduct our business through our control of Shenzhen CX. Each of CX Network and Shenzhen CX holds a business license that covers its present business. The business license of CX Network was issued in April 2016. The scope of registered business of CX Network includes computer information systems, cloud storage, cloud computing, technology development, technical advice, technology transfer and technical services (excluding restricted and prohibited items, involving license management and other special regulations management, obtaining permission to operate); computer hardware and software, integrated circuit technology development, technical consulting, technology transfer and technical services, computer programming, scientific and technological information consultation (excluding restricted items). (The business license of Shenzhen CX was issued in August 2015. The scope of registered business of Shenzhen CX includes mobile phone software development (excluding limited items), computer software and hardware technology development and sales, economic information consulting, business management consulting (none of the above include restricted items); domestic trade (excluding franchise, Monopoly, Shangkong); import and export business (excluding items prohibited by laws and administrative regulations) and others.mobile phone software development (excluding limited items), computer software and hardware technology development and sales, economic information consulting, business management consulting (none of the above include restricted items); domestic trade (excluding franchise, Monopoly, Shangkong); import and export business (excluding items prohibited by laws and administrative regulations) and others.Employment LawsWe are subject to laws and regulations governing our relationship with our employees including: wage and hour requirements, working and safety conditions, and social insurance, housing funds and other welfare. These include local labor laws and regulations, which may require substantial resources for compliance.1313Chinas National Labor Law, which became effective on January 1, 1995, and Chinas National Labor Contract Law, which became effective on January 1, 2008, permit workers in both state and private enterprises in China to bargain collectively. The National Labor Law and the National Labor Contract Law provide for collective contracts to be developed through collaboration between the labor union (or worker representatives in the absence of a union) and management that specify such matters as working conditions, wage scales, and hours of work. The laws also permit workers and employers in all types of enterprises to sign individual contracts, which are to be drawn up in accordance with the collective contract. The National Labor Contract Law has enhanced rights for the nations workers, including permitting open-ended labor contracts and severance payments. The legislation requires employers to provide written contracts to their workers, restricts the use of temporary labor and makes it harder for employers to lay off employees. It also requires that employees with fixed-term contracts be entitled to an indefinite-term contract after a fixed-term contract is renewed once or the employee has worked for the employer for a consecutive ten-year period.TaxPursuant to the Provisional Regulation of China on Value Added Tax (VAT) and their implementing rules, all entities and individuals that are engaged in the sale of goods and the provision of value added services in China are generally required to pay VAT at a rate of 17.0% of the gross sales proceeds received, less any deductible VAT already paid or borne by the taxpayer.Foreign Currency ExchangeThe principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations promulgated by the State Council, as amended on August 5, 2008, or the Foreign Exchange Regulations. Under the Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Renminbi is freely convertible for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions. Conversion of Renminbi for capital account items, such as direct investments, loans, repatriation of investments and investments in securities outside of China, however, is still subject to the approval of the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE. Foreign-invested enterprises may only buy, sell and/or remit foreign currencies at those banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business after providing valid commercial documents and, in the case of capital account item transactions, obtaining approval from the SAFE. Capital investments by foreign-invested enterprises outside of China are also subject to limitations, which include approvals by the Ministry of Commerce, the SAFE and the State Reform and Development Commission.Dividend DistributionsUnder applicable PRC regulations, enterprises in China may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, enterprises in China is required to set aside at least 10.0% of its after-tax profit based on PRC accounting standards each year as its statutory general reserves until the accumulative amount of such reserves reach 50.0% of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. The board of directors of enterprise has the discretion to allocate a portion of its after-tax profits to staff welfare and bonus funds, which may not be distributed to equity owners except in the event of liquidation.PropertiesAll land in China is owned by the State. Individuals and companies are permitted to acquire rights to use land or land use rights for specific purposes. In the case of land used for industrial purposes, the land use rights are granted for a certain period no more than 50 years. This period may be renewed at the expiration of the initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations. We do not own or have not been granted land use rights to any property in China or any other countries. We rent our office space through a lease which we believe is adequate and suitable for our current operations.1414We have the property set forth in the table below.Location Size Leased/Owned/Granted Function Room 1205 1A, Building, Shenzhen Software Industry Base, Xuefu Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guandong, P.R.C. 450 square meters (approximately 4843 square feet) Leased OfficeSizeLeased/Owned/GrantedFunctionRoom 1205 1A, Building, Shenzhen Software Industry Base, Xuefu Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guandong, P.R.C. 450 square meters (approximately 4843 square feet) Leased Office450 square meters (approximately 4843 square feet)LeasedOfficeResearch and DevelopmentWe have an in-house R&D team consisting of skilled engineers to develop our apps. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, we incurred approximately $293,000 of research & development expenses for its in-house application development team.EmployeesAs of March 20, 2018, we have 41 full time employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our employees to be good.Legal ProceedingsWe may from time to time become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not a party to any material legal proceedings and no material legal proceeding has been threatened by us or, to the best of our knowledge, against us.1515RISK FACTORSAny investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below and all of the information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K before deciding whether to purchase, hold or sell our common stock. Our business, financial condition or results of our operations could be materially adversely affected by these risks, if any of them actually occur. Our shares of common stock are not currently listed on any national securities exchange. Some of these risk factors have affected our Companys financial condition and/or operating results in the past, or are currently affecting us. This Current Report on Form 8-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results, assuming we obtain financing and can commence our proposed business and operations, of which there can be no assurance, could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks described below and elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 8-K.RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRYThe ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Companys ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan.The Companys consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the Companys consolidated financial statements, during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, the Company incurred a net loss of $745,541, and used cash in operations of $571,636, and at September 30, 2017, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $1,546,324. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our financial statements as of September 30, 2017 and 2016 with respect to this uncertainty. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Companys ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.Management estimates that the current funds on hand will not be sufficient to continue operations through the next twelve months or for us to achieve our business plan to finalize the development of our software and applications. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of equity securities for cash and loans from our offices and controlling shareholders to operate our business, and estimates that additional capital will be necessary to support our operations and growth.No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing or cause substantial dilution for our stock holders, in case of equity financing. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on managements plans, which include further implementation of its business plan and continuing to raise funds through debt and/or equity raises.We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to predict our future operating results.Our operating entity, Shenzhen CX commenced its operation in late 2015. As a result of our limited operating history, our ability to accurately forecast our future operating results is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties. We have encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties (which we use to plan our business) are incorrect or changed due to changes in our markets, or if we do not address these risks and uncertainties successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer.1616The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed.The market for dating apps and mobile gaming apps is fragmented, rapidly evolving and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry for certain applications and services. Some of our competitors may enjoy better competitive positions in certain geographical regions or user demographics that we currently serve or may serve in the future. We expect competition in the online personals business to continue to increase because there are no substantial barriers to entry. We believe our ability to compete depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the following: the size and diversity of our member and paying subscriber bases;the size and diversity of our member and paying subscriber bases; the timing and market acceptance of our apps, including the developments and enhancements to those apps and features relative to those offered by our competitors;the timing and market acceptance of our apps, including the developments and enhancements to those apps and features relative to those offered by our competitors; customer service and support efforts;customer service and support efforts; selling and marketing efforts; andselling and marketing efforts; and our brand strength in the marketplace relative to our competitors.our brand strength in the marketplace relative to our competitors.We compete with traditional personals services, as well as newspapers, magazines and other traditional media companies that provide personals services. We also compete with a number of large and small companies, including Internet portals and specialty-focused media companies that provide online and offline products and services to the markets we serve. Our principal mobile-based apps competitors include Momo, Tantan, Baobao and others with respect to online dating and Happy Doudizhu, Clash of Clans, Clash Royale, JJ Doudizhu and others with respect to mobile gaming. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and larger customer bases than we do. These factors may allow our competitors to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer preferences. These competitors may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive pricing policies that may allow them to build larger member and paying subscriber bases than ours. Our competitors may develop products or services that are equal or superior to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services. These activities could attract members and paying subscribers away from our websites and reduce our market share.In addition, current and potential competitors are making, and are expected to continue to make, strategic acquisitions or establishing cooperatives and, in some cases, establishing exclusive relationships with significant companies or competitors to expand their businesses or to offer more comprehensive products and services. To the extent that these competitors or potential competitors establish exclusive relationships with major portals, search engines and Internet Service Providers, or ISPs, our ability to reach potential members through online advertising may be restricted. Any of these competitors could cause us difficulty in attracting and retaining members and converting members into paying subscribers and could jeopardize our existing affiliate program and relationships with portals, search engines, ISPs and other online properties.If we fail to stay current with new technologies and trend in online dating and mobile gaming, our applications could become obsoleteWe incur significant costs for research and development not only for the creation of new applications, but also for ensuring that our current applications will be compatible with new technologies. If our research and development team fail to upgrade our applications to stay current with new technologies or add new features that are popular for online dating and mobile gaming, our applications could become obsolete, which could result in a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.We depend on our key executives, and our business and growth may be severely disrupted if we lose their services.Our future success depends substantially on the continued services of our key executives. In particular, we are highly dependent upon Mr. Huibin Su, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and director, who has established relationships within the industries we operate. If we lose the services of one or more of our current executive officers, we may not be able to replace them readily, if at all, with suitable or qualified candidates, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain new officers with industry experience similar to our current officers, which could severely disrupt our business and growth. In addition, if any of our executives joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose some of our suppliers or customers. Furthermore, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue attracting and retaining experienced management and key research and development personnel.1717Competition for qualified candidates could cause us to offer higher compensation and other benefits in order to attract and retain them, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may also be unable to attract or retain the personnel necessary to achieve our business objectives, and any failure in this regard could severely disrupt our business and growth.The technology behind our products contains important intellectual property and know-how, and our ability to compete could be harmed if any such intellectual property and know-how are disclosed to third parties by our engineer.We regard our trademarks, patents, copyrights and other intellectual property as critical to our success. In particular, we have spent a significant amount of time and resources in developing our online dating and mobile gaming apps and our ability to protect our proprietary rights in connection with our platform and apps is critical for the success of our features and our overall financial performance. We expect to apply for additional patents, copyrights, trademarks and domains as we continue the development of our platform. However, we cannot assure you that our measures will be sufficient to protect our proprietary information and intellectual property.If we are not able to provide successful enhancements, new features and modifications to our services, our business could be adversely affected.Our industry is marked by rapid technological developments and new and enhanced applications and services. If we are unable to provide enhancements and new features for our existing services or new services that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments, our business could be adversely affected. The success of enhancements, new features and services depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of such enhancements, features or services. Failure in this regard may significantly impair our revenue growth. In addition, because our services are designed to operate on a variety of systems, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our services to keep pace with changes in internet-related hardware, mobile operating systems such as iOS and Android, and other software, communication, browser and database technologies. We may not be successful in either developing these modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market in a timely fashion. Furthermore, modifications to existing platforms or technologies will increase our research and development expenses. Any failure of our services to operate effectively with future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction and adversely affect our business.If we are not able to satisfy data protection, security, privacy, and other government- and industry-specific requirements, our growth could be harmed.There are a number of data protection, security, privacy and other government- and industry-specific requirements, including those that require companies to notify individuals of data security incidents involving certain types of personal data. Security compromises experienced by our competitors, by our future customers or by us may lead to public disclosures, which could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new future customers, or cause such future customers to elect not to renew their agreements with us. As we expand into new verticals and regions, we will need to comply with these and other new requirements. If we cannot comply or if we incur a violation in one or more of these requirements, our growth could be adversely impacted, and we could incur significant liability.We cannot accurately predict new subscription or expansion rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenue and operating results.At present we have few customers and little revenue. In order for us to improve our operating results and continue to grow our business, it is important that we attract new subscribers and expand in-app purchases for existing subscribers. To the extent we are successful in increasing our subscriber base, we could incur increased losses because costs associated with new subscribers are generally incurred up front, while revenue will be recognized ratably over the term of our subscription services. Alternatively, to the extent we are unsuccessful in increasing our subscriber base, we could also incur increased losses as costs associated with marketing programs and new products intended to attract new subscribers would not be offset by incremental revenue and cash flow. Furthermore, if our future subscribers do not expand their in-app purchases, our revenue may grow more slowly than we expect. All of these factors can negatively impact our future revenue and operating results.1818If we fail to effectively manage our technical operations infrastructure, our users may experience service outages and delays in the further deployment of our applications, which may adversely affect our business.We have experienced significant growth in the number of users and the amount of data that our operations infrastructure supports. We seek to maintain sufficient excess capacity in our operations infrastructure to meet the needs of all of our users. We also seek to maintain excess capacity to facilitate the rapid provisioning of new user deployments and the expansion of existing user deployments. In addition, we need to properly manage our technological operations infrastructure in order to support version control, changes in hardware and software parameters and the evolution of our services. However, the provision of new hosting infrastructure requires significant lead-time. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, network disruptions, outages and other performance problems. These problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, viruses, security attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage and denial of service issues. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time, which may harm our reputation and operating results. Furthermore, if we do not accurately predict our infrastructure requirements, our existing customers may experience service outages that may subject us to financial penalties, financial liabilities and customer losses. If our operations infrastructure fails to keep pace with increased sales, customers may experience delays as we seek to obtain additional capacity, which could adversely affect our reputation and our revenue.We focus on product innovation and user engagement rather than short-term operating results.We focus heavily on developing and launching new and innovative products and features, as well as on improving the user experience for our services. We also focus on growing the number of our users and paying organizations through direct field sales, direct inside sales, indirect channel sales and through word-of-mouth by individual users, some of whom use our services at no cost. We prioritize innovation and the experience for users on our platform, as well as the growth of our user base, over short-term operating results. We frequently make product and service decisions that may reduce our short-term operating results if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our goals to improve the user experience and to develop innovative features that we feel our users desire. These decisions may not be consistent with the short-term expectations of investors and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect.If the prices for our subscription and in-app purchases are unacceptable to our subscribers, our operating results will be harmed.As the market for online dating and mobile gaming matures, or as new or existing competitors introduce new applications or features that compete with ours, we may experience pricing pressure and lose existing subscribers or attract new subscribers at prices that are consistent with our pricing model and operating budget. If this were to occur, it is possible that we would have to change our pricing model or reduce our prices, which could harm our revenue, gross margin and operating results.Business evaluation is difficult because we have not yet commenced significant business activities.We are still a company in development stage and to date only have developed four mobile apps.We have generated a small amount of revenue and have incurred accumulated deficit of $1,546,324 as of September 30, 2017.You cannot evaluate our business or our future prospects due to our lack of operating history. As the date hereof, we have been involved in limited business activities. Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by development stage companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises.1919Furthermore, we anticipate that we will incur increased operating expenses without realizing any significant revenue. We therefore expect to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We recognize that if we are unable to generate sufficient revenues from our operations, we will not be able to continue operations.The lack of public company experience of our officers and directors could adversely impact our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of U.S. Securities laws.Our Officers and Directors, have had no responsibility for managing a public company in the United States, which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as those imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Such responsibility includes complying with federal securities laws and making required disclosures on a timely basis. In addition, our Officers and Directors may not be able to implement programs and policies in an effective and timely manner or in a manner which adequately responds to such increased legal, regulatory compliance and reporting requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which is necessary to maintain our public company status. If we were to fail to fulfill those obligations, our ability to continue as a U.S. public company would be in jeopardy, in which event you could lose your entire investment.Our executive officers do not reside in the United States.Our executive Officers do not reside in the United States. The U.S. shareholders would face difficulty in: effecting service of process within the United States on our Officers;effecting service of process within the United States on our Officers; enforcing judgments obtained in U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against the Officers;enforcing judgments obtained in U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against the Officers; enforcing judgments of U.S. courts based on civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws in foreign courts against our Officers; andenforcing judgments of U.S. courts based on civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws in foreign courts against our Officers; and bringing an original action in foreign courts to enforce liabilities based on the U.S. federal securities laws against our Officers.bringing an original action in foreign courts to enforce liabilities based on the U.S. federal securities laws against our Officers.2020RISKS RELATING TO OUR SECURITIESIf we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, the price of our common stock may be adversely affected.We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any failure of these controls could also prevent us from maintaining accurate accounting records and discovering accounting errors and financial frauds. Rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are complex, and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We may encounter problems or delays in completing activities necessary to make an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. If we cannot assess our internal control over financial reporting as effective, investor confidence and share value may be negatively impacted.In addition, managements assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure of managements assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting, or disclosure of our public accounting firms attestation to or report on managements assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock.Because of our lack of operations and the nature of our business, our securities are considered highly speculative.Our securities must be considered highly speculative, generally because of the nature of our business and the current lack of substantial development. We have only generated modest revenues to date, and there is little likelihood that we will realize any significant profits in the short term. Since we are still a development stage company, we will have to raise monies for our operations through the sale of our equity securities or debt in order to continue our business operations.Concentration of ownership of our common stock among our existing executive officers, directors and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions.As of the date hereof, our executive officers and directors, and entities associated and affiliated with our executive officers and directors, in the aggregate, beneficially own shares representing approximately 84.11% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, if these stockholders were to choose to act together, they may have the ability to significantly influence all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, as well as our management and affairs. For example, these persons, if they choose to act together, could substantially influence the election of directors and approval of any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of ownership may: delay, defer or prevent a change in control;delay, defer or prevent a change in control; entrench our management or the board of directors; orentrench our management or the board of directors; or impede a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us that other stockholders may desire.impede a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us that other stockholders may desire.Some of these persons or entities may have interests different than yours. For example, because many of these stockholders purchased their shares at prices substantially below the price at which shares are being sold in this offering and have held their shares for a longer period, they may be more interested in selling our company to an acquirer than other investors or they may want us to pursue strategies that deviate from the interests of other stockholders.We may, in the future, issue additional common shares that would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute our share value.The future issuance of preferred and/or common shares may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common shares held by our then existing stockholders. We may value any common shares issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common shares may have the effect of diluting the value of the common shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common shares.The Market for Penny Stock has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuseStockholders should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced salespersons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and, (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequential investor losses.Our common shares are subject to the Penny Stock Rules of the SEC, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock.The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security other than a security excluded from such definition by Rule 3a51-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. For the purposes relevant to our Company, it is any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.2121Our common shares are currently regarded as a penny stock, since our shares are not listed on a national stock exchange or quoted on the NASDAQ Market within the United States, to the extent the market price for its shares is less than $5.00 per share. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, to provide a customer with additional information including current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customers account, and to make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchasers written agreement to the transaction.To the extent these requirements may be applicable; they will reduce the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the common shares and may severely and adversely affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell the common shares.Trading in our stock is limited by the lack of market makers and FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholders ability to buy and sell our stock.In November 2017, though we were granted a trading symbol CXKJ by the Department after the appeal, we lost all market makers and traded on the OTC Grey Market which has limited quotations and marketability of securities. Holders of our common stock found it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of, our common stock, and the market value of our common stock declined. We plan to take the appropriate steps to up-list to the OTCQB Exchange and resume priced quotations with market makers as soon as it is able, however, we cannot assure whether and when we will be successful with respect to this plan.In addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the SEC, which are discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor, FINRA rules require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customers financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market value for our shares.Trading on the OCT Market may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares.Our common stock is listed on the OTC Grey Market operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. Trading in stock quoted on the OTC is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the OTC Market is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTC Market is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like Nasdaq or a stock exchange like NYSE. Accordingly, shareholders may have difficulty reselling any of the shares. At this time, there is no bid for our shares in the market, and there has been virtually limited trading in our shares for more than six months.Because we do not intend to pay any dividends on our shares, investors seeking dividend income or liquidity should not purchase our shares.We have not declared or paid any dividends on our shares since inception, and do not anticipate paying any such dividends for the foreseeable future. If payment of dividends does occur at some point in the future, it would be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition. The payment of any common stock dividends will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors. We presently intend to retain all earnings to promote our applications and develop new applications and add-on features to our existing applications; accordingly, we do not anticipate the declaration of any dividends for common stock in the foreseeable future. Investors seeking dividend income or liquidity should not invest in our shares.2222Because we can issue additional shares, purchasers of our shares may incur immediate dilution and may experience further dilution.We are authorized to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The board of directors of our company has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares, and to determine the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, without consent of any of our stockholders. Consequently, our stockholders may experience more dilution in their ownership of our company in the future.Our common stock may experience extreme rises or declines in price, and you may not be able to sell your shares at or above the price paid.Our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to extreme fluctuations in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including (but not necessarily limited to): (i) the trading volume of our shares; (ii) the number of securities analysts, market-makers and brokers following our common stock; (iii) changes in, or failure to achieve, financial estimates by securities analysts; (iv) actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; (v) conditions or trends in our business industries; (vi) announcements by us of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; (vii) additions or departures of key personnel; (viii) sales of our common stock; and (ix) general stock market price and volume fluctuations of publicly trading and particularly, microcap companies.Investors may have difficulty reselling shares of our common stock, either at or above the price they paid for our stock, or even at fair market value. The stock markets often experience significant price and volume changes that are not related to the operating performance of individual companies, and because our common stock is thinly traded it is particularly susceptible to such changes. These broad market changes may cause the market price of our common stock to decline regardless of how well we perform as a company. In addition, there is a history of securities class action litigation following periods of volatility in the market price of a companys securities. Although there is no such shareholder litigation currently pending or threatened against the Company, such a suit against us could result in the incursion of substantial legal fees, potential liabilities and the diversion of managements attention and resources from our business. Moreover, and as noted below, our shares are currently traded on the OTC-Pink and, further, are subject to the penny stock regulations. Price fluctuations in such shares are particularly volatile and subject to manipulation by market-makers, short-sellers and option traders.RISKS RELATING TO OUR CORPORATE STRUCTUREOur mobile app development business is subject to extensive regulation in China. If the PRC government finds that the contractual arrangement that establishes our corporate structure for operating our business does not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, we could be subject to severe penalties.Our mobile app development business is subject to extensive regulations in China. The Chinese government regulates various aspects of our business and operations, such as mobile app content, subscribing methods, subscription fees and etc. The laws and regulations applicable to the online dating sector are subject to frequent change, and new laws and regulations may be adopted, some of which may have a negative effect on our business, either retroactively or prospectively.If our ownership structure and contractual arrangements are found to be in violation of any PRC laws or regulations, or if we are found to be required but failed to obtain any of the permits or approvals for our mobile apps development business, the relevant PRC regulatory authorities, including the Cyberspace Administration of China or the CAC, which regulates the mobile app service industry in China, Ministry of Commerce of PRC, or the MOFCOM, which regulates the foreign investment in China would have broad discretion in imposing fines or punishments upon us for such violations, including: revoking the business and operating licenses of Shenzhen CX;revoking the business and operating licenses of Shenzhen CX; discontinuing or restricting any related-party transactions between Shenzhen CX and our affiliated entities;discontinuing or restricting any related-party transactions between Shenzhen CX and our affiliated entities; imposing fines and penalties, or imposing additional requirements for our operations which we, Shenzhen CX or our affiliated entities may not be able to comply with;imposing fines and penalties, or imposing additional requirements for our operations which we, Shenzhen CX or our affiliated entities may not be able to comply with;2323 revoking the preferential tax treatment available to us;revoking the preferential tax treatment available to us; requiring us to restructure the ownership and control structure; orrequiring us to restructure the ownership and control structure; or restricting or prohibiting our use of the proceeds of this offering to finance our business and operations in China, particularly the expansion of our business through strategic acquisitions.restricting or prohibiting our use of the proceeds of this offering to finance our business and operations in China, particularly the expansion of our business through strategic acquisitions.As of the date of this prospectus, similar ownership structure and contractual arrangements have been used by many China-based companies listed overseas, including a number of internet companies listed in the United States. To our knowledge, none of the fines or punishments listed above has been imposed on any of these public companies. However, we cannot assure you that such fines or punishments will not be imposed on us or any other companies in the future. If any of the above fines or punishments is imposed on us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.We rely on contractual arrangements with Shenzhen CX and its shareholders for our operations in China, which may not be as effective in providing control as direct ownership.We have relied and expect to continue to rely on the contractual arrangements with Shenzhen CX and its shareholders to operate our mobile app development business. For a description of these contractual arrangements, see VIE Agreements on page 5. However, these contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct equity ownership in providing us with control over Shenzhen CX. Any failure by our affiliated entities, including Shenzhen CX and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX, to perform their obligations under the contractual arrangements would have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position and consolidated financial performance of our company. For example, the contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through arbitration in the PRC. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with PRC law and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures. The legal system in the PRC is not as developed as some other jurisdictions, such as the United States. As a result, uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. In addition, if the legal structure and the contractual arrangements were found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws and regulations, we may be subject to fines or other legal or administrative sanctions.If the imposition of government actions causes us to lose our right to direct the activities of our affiliated entities or our right to receive substantially all the economic benefits and residual returns from our affiliated entities and we are not able to restructure our ownership structure and operations in a satisfactory manner, we would no longer be able to consolidate the financial results of our affiliated entities.Contractual arrangements between our affiliated entities and us may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and a finding that we or our affiliated entities owe additional taxes could materially reduce our net income and the value of your investment.Under PRC laws and regulations, transactions between related parties should be conducted on an arms-length basis and may be subject to audit or challenge by the PRC tax authorities. We could face material adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that the contractual arrangements among our subsidiary in the PRC, our affiliated entities and the shareholder of Shenzhen CX are not conducted on an arms-length basis and adjust the income of our affiliated entities through the transfer pricing adjustment. A transfer pricing adjustment could, among other things, result in, for PRC tax purposes, increased tax liabilities of our affiliated entities. In addition, the PRC tax authorities may require us to disgorge our prior tax benefits, and require us to pay additional taxes for prior tax years and impose late payment fees and other penalties on our affiliated entities for underpayment of prior taxes. To date, similar contractual arrangements have been used by many public companies, including companies listed in the United States, and, to our knowledge, the PRC tax authorities have not imposed any material penalties on those companies. However, we cannot assure you that such penalties will not be imposed on any other companies or us in the future. Our net income may be harmed if the tax liabilities of our affiliated entities materially increase or if they are found to be subject to additional tax obligations, late payment fees or other penalties.2424If any of our affiliated entities becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation proceeding, we may lose the ability to use and enjoy assets held by such entity, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.We currently conduct our operations in China through contractual arrangements with our affiliated entities and the shareholders of Shenzhen CX. As part of these arrangements, substantially all of our assets that are important to the operation of our business are held by our affiliated entities. If any of these entities goes bankrupt and all or part of their assets become subject to liens or rights of third-party creditors, we may be unable to continue some or all of our business activities, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of our affiliated entities undergoes a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding, its equity owner or unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights relating to some or all of these assets, which would hinder our ability to operate our business and could materially and adversely affect our business, our ability to generate revenue and the market price of our ordinary shares.If the custodians or authorized users of our controlling non-tangible assets, including chops and seals, fail to fulfill their responsibilities, or misappropriate or misuse these assets, our business and operations could be materially and adversely affected.Under PRC law, legal documents for corporate transactions, including agreements and contracts that our business relies on, are executed using the chop or seal of the signing entity or with the signature of a legal representative whose designation is registered and filed with the relevant Administration of Industry and Commerce.In order to maintain the physical security of our chops, we generally have them stored in secured locations accessible only to authorized employees. Although we monitor such authorized employees, the procedures may not be sufficient to prevent all instances of abuse or negligence. There is a risk that our employees could abuse their authority, for example, by entering into a contract not approved by us or seeking to gain control of one of our subsidiaries or affiliated entities. If any employee obtains, misuses or misappropriates our chops and seals or other controlling intangible assets for whatever reason, we could experience disruption to our normal business operations. We may have to take corporate or legal action, which could involve significant time and resources to resolve while distracting management from our operations.RISKS RELATING TO DOING BUSINESS IN CHINALabor laws in the PRC may adversely affect our results of operations.On June 29, 2007, the PRCs government promulgated the labor contract law of the PRC, which became effective on January 1, 2008 and was subsequently amended on December 28, 2012. The labor contract law imposes greater liabilities on employers and significantly affects the cost of an employers decision to reduce its workforce. Further, the law requires certain terminations be based upon seniority and not merit. In the event that we decide to significantly change or decrease our workforce, the labor contract law could adversely affect our ability to enact such changes in a manner that is most advantageous to our business or in a timely and cost-effective manner, thus materially and adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations.We may be exposed to liabilities under the foreign corrupt practices act and Chinese anti-corruption law.In connection with this offering, we will become subject to the U.S. foreign corrupt practices act (FCPA), and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to Chinese anti-corruption laws, which strictly prohibit the payment of bribes to government officials. We have operations, agreements with third parties, and make sales in China, which may experience corruption. Our activities in China create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees, consultants of our company, because these parties are not always subject to our control. We are in the process of implementing an anticorruption program, which will prohibit the offering or giving of anything of value to governmental officials or third parties, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. In the meantime, we believe to date we have complied in all material respects with the provisions of the FCPA and Chinese anti-corruption laws. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and the employees, consultants of our company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or Chinese anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the government may seek to hold our company liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire.2525Uncertainties with respect to the PRCs legal system could adversely affect us.We conduct a substantial amount of our business through our subsidiaries in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. Our PRC subsidiaries are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and, in particular, laws and regulations applicable to the operative joint venture enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on statutes. Prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.Since 1979, PRC legislation and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China. In particular, because some of these laws and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited volume of published decisions and their nonbinding nature, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.We are a holding company and we rely on funding for dividend payments from our subsidiaries, which are subject to restrictions under PRC laws.We are a holding company incorporated in Nevada and we operate our core businesses through our subsidiaries in the PRC. Therefore, the availability of funds for us to pay dividends to our shareholders and to service our indebtedness depends upon dividends received from such PRC subsidiaries. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and make payments on intercompany loans or advances to their shareholders is subject to, among other things, distributable earnings, cash flow conditions, restrictions contained in the articles of association of our subsidiaries, joint-venture contracts, applicable laws and restrictions contained in the debt instruments of such subsidiaries. If our subsidiary incurs debt or losses, its ability to pay dividends or other distributions to us may be impaired. As a result, our ability to pay dividends and to repay our indebtedness will be restricted. PRC laws require that dividends be paid only out of the after-tax profit of our PRC subsidiary calculated according to PRC accounting principles, which differ in many aspects from generally accepted accounting principles in other jurisdictions. PRC laws also require enterprises established in the PRC to set aside part of their after-tax profits as statutory reserves. These statutory reserves are not available for distribution as cash dividends. In addition, restrictive covenants in bank credit facilities or other agreements that we or our subsidiary entered into or may enter into in the future may also restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us. Further, starting from January 1, 2008, dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries to their non-PRC parent companies will be subject to a 10% withholding tax, unless there is a tax treaty between the PRC and the jurisdiction in which the overseas parent company is incorporated, which specifically exempts or reduces such withholding tax. Pursuant to a double tax treaty between Hong Kong and the PRC, if the non-PRC parent company is a Hong Kong resident and directly holds a 25% or more interest in the PRC enterprise, such withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5%. These restrictions on the availability of our funding may impact our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and to service our indebtedness.In addition, the PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the renminbi, or RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiary to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to us, or otherwise satisfy their foreign currency denominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from trade-related transactions can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also, at its discretion, restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our security-holders.2626Our business may be materially and adversely affected if any of our PRC subsidiaries declares bankruptcy or becomes subject to a dissolution or liquidation proceeding.The enterprise bankruptcy law of the PRC, or the bankruptcy law, came into effect on June 1, 2007. The bankruptcy law provides that an enterprise will be liquidated if the enterprise fails to settle its debts as and when they fall due and if the enterprises assets are, or are demonstrably, insufficient to clear such debts.Our PRC subsidiaries hold assets that are important to our business operations. If our PRC subsidiaries undergo a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding, unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights to some or all of these assets, thereby hindering our ability to operate our business, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.According to SAFEs provisions for administration of foreign exchange relating to inbound direct investment by foreign investors, effective on June 10, 2015, if our PRC subsidiaries undergo a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding, prior approval from the safe for remittance of foreign exchange to our shareholders abroad is no longer required, but we still need to conduct a registration process with the SAFE designated commercial bank. It is not clear whether registration is a mere formality or involves the kind of substantive review process undertaken by SAFE designated commercial bank.Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities.Changes in the value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies are affected by, among other things, changes in Chinas political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial condition, and the value of, and any dividends payable on our shares in U.S. dollar terms. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from our Offering into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of paying dividends on our Common Stock or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to us.Since July 2005, the RMB is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the peoples bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover, it is possible that in the future, PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market.Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies.It may be difficult to effect service of process and enforcement of legal judgments upon our Company and our officers and directors because they reside outside the United States.Our operations are based in China and all of our assets are located in China. In addition, a majority of our directors and officers reside in China. As a result, service of process on the Company and such foreign directors and officers may be difficult or impossible to effect within the United States. Moreover, China does not have treaties with the United States or many other countries providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of the judgment of courts. As a result, recognition and enforcement in China of judgments of a court in any of these jurisdictions may be difficult or impossible.2727PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident shareholders to penalties and limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to distribute profits to us, or otherwise adversely affect us.The SAFE promulgated the notice on relevant issues relating to domestic residents investment and financing and roundtrip investment through special purpose vehicles (SPV(s)), or Notice 37, in July 2014 that requires PRC residents or entities to register with SAFE or its local branch in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment or financing. In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their safe registrations when the offshore SPV undergoes material events relating to material change of capitalization or structure of the PRC resident itself (such as capital increase, capital reduction, share transfer or exchange, merger or spin off).On February 28, 2015, SAFE issued a notice according to which the aforesaid PRC residents or entities are no longer required to register with SAFE or its local branch, instead the aforesaid PRC residents or entities need to register with local banks. Failure by an individual to comply with the required SAFE registration and updating requirements described above may result in penalties up to RMB50, 000 imposed on such individual and restrictions being imposed on the foreign exchange activities of the PRC subsidiaries of such offshore SPV, including increasing the registered capital of, payment of dividends and other distributions to, and receiving capital injections for the offshore SPV. Failure to comply with Notice 37 may also subject relevant PRC residents or the PRC subsidiaries of such offshore SPV to penalties under PRC foreign exchange administration regulations for evasion of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. Our controlling shareholder Alex Brown (a.k.a You Chang) did not register with local SAFE branch or its delegated commercial bank when he acquired ownership of Sino Pride through his indirect holding of Victory Commercial Investment Ltd. in November 2016. Although Alex Brown was no longer a PRC nationality afterwards, we cannot assure you that our controlling shareholder will not be required under Notice 37 to register with local SAFE branch or its delegated commercial bank. These risks could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.Failure to comply with the individual foreign exchange rules relating to the overseas direct investment or the engagement in the issuance or trading of securities overseas by our PRC resident stockholders may subject such stockholders to fines or other liabilities.Other than Notice 37, our ability to conduct foreign exchange activities in the PRC may be subject to the interpretation and enforcement of the implementation rules of the administrative measures for individual foreign exchange promulgated by safe in January 2007 (as amended and supplemented, the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules). Under the individual foreign exchange rules, any PRC individual seeking to make a direct investment overseas or engage in the issuance or trading of negotiable securities or derivatives overseas must make the appropriate registrations in accordance with safe provisions. PRC individuals who fail to make such registrations may be subject to warnings, fines or other liabilities.We may not be fully informed of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. For example, because the investment in or trading of our shares will happen in an overseas public or secondary market where shares are often held with brokers in brokerage accounts, it is unlikely that we will know the identity of all of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. Furthermore, we have no control over any of our future beneficial owners and we cannot assure you that such PRC residents will be able to complete the necessary approval and registration procedures required by the individual foreign exchange rules.It is uncertain how the individual foreign exchange rules will be interpreted or enforced and whether such interpretation or enforcement will affect our ability to conduct foreign exchange transactions. Because of this uncertainty, we cannot be sure whether the failure by any of our PRC resident stockholders to make the required registration will subject our PRC subsidiaries to fines or legal sanctions on their operations, delay or restriction on repatriation of proceeds of this offering into the PRC, restriction on remittance of dividends or other punitive actions that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.Because our funds are held in banks that do not provide insurance, the failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds may affect our ability to continue to operate.Banks and other financial institutions in the PRC do not provide insurance for funds held on deposit. As a result, in the event of a bank failure, we may not have access to funds on deposit. Depending upon the amount of money we maintain in a bank that fails, our inability to have access to our cash may impair our operations, and, if we are not able to access funds to pay our employees and other creditors, we may be unable to continue to operate.2828If we are unable to obtain business insurance in the PRC, we may not be protected from risks that are customarily covered by insurance in the United States.Business insurance is not readily available in the PRC. To the extent that we suffer a loss of a type that would normally be covered by insurance in the United States, such as product liability and general liability insurance, we would incur significant expenses in both defending any action and in paying any claims that result from a settlement or judgment. We have not obtained fire, casualty and theft insurance, and there is no insurance coverage for our raw materials, goods and merchandise, furniture or buildings in China. Any losses incurred by us will have to be borne by us without any assistance, and we may not have sufficient capital to cover material damage to, or the loss of, our Victory Plaza due to fire, severe weather, flood or other causes, and such damage or loss may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business and prospects.Under the new enterprise income tax law, we may be classified as a resident enterprise of China. Such classification may result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders.China passed a new enterprise income tax law, or the new EIT law, which became effective on January 1, 2008. Under the new EIT law, an enterprise established outside of China with de facto management bodies within China is considered a resident enterprise, meaning that it can be treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the new EIT law define de facto management as substantial and overall management and control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties of the enterprise. In addition, a circular issued by the state administration of taxation on April 22, 2009 clarified that dividends and other income paid by such resident enterprises will be considered to be the PRCs source income and subject to the PRCs withholding tax. This recent circular also subjects such resident enterprises to various reporting requirements with the PRCs tax authorities.Although substantially all of our management is currently located in the PRC, it remains unclear whether the PRCs tax authorities would require or permit our overseas registered entities to be treated as PRC resident enterprises. We do not currently consider our company to be a PRC resident enterprise. However, if the PRCs tax authorities determine that we are a resident enterprise for the PRCs enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences may follow. First, we may be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income as well as the PRCs enterprise income tax reporting obligations. This would also mean that income such as interest on offering proceeds and non-China source income would be subject to the PRCs enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Second, although under the new EIT law and its implementing rules, dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiary would qualify as tax-exempt income, we cannot guarantee that such dividends will not be subject to a 10% withholding tax, as the PRC authorities responsible for enforcing the withholding tax have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for the PRCs enterprise income tax purposes. Finally, dividends paid to stockholders with respect to their shares of our Common Stock or any gains realized from transfer of such shares may generally be subject to the PRCs withholding taxes on such dividends or gains at a rate of 10% if the shareholders are deemed to be non-resident enterprises or at a rate of 20% if the shareholders are deemed to be non-resident individuals. In addition, any gain realized on the transfer of shares of our common stock by such investors is also subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 10%, subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in relevant tax treaties, if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. If dividends payable to our non-PRC investors or gains from the transfer of our common stock by such investors are subject to PRC tax, the value of your investment in our common stock may decline significantly.We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies.Pursuant to a notice, or Circular 698, issued by the State Administration of Taxation, where a non-resident enterprise conducts an indirect transfer by transferring the equity interests of a PRC resident enterprise indirectly via disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, and such overseas holding company is located in a tax jurisdiction that: (1) has an effective tax rate less than 12.5%; or (2) does not tax foreign income of its residents, the non-resident enterprise, being the transferor, shall report to the relevant tax authority of the PRC resident enterprise such indirect transfer. Using a substance over form principle, the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing, avoiding or deferring PRC tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax, currently at a rate of 10%. In 2015, the State Administration of Taxation issued a circular, known as Circular 7, which replaced or supplemented certain previous rules under Circular 698. Circular 7 sets out a wider scope of indirect transfer of PRC assets that might be subject to PRC enterprise income tax, and more detailed guidelines on the circumstances when such indirect transfer is considered to lack a bona fide commercial purpose and thus regarded as avoiding PRC tax. The conditional reporting obligation of the non-PRC investor under Circular 698 is replaced by a voluntary reporting by the transferor, the transferee or the underlying PRC resident enterprise being transferred. Furthermore, if the indirect transfer is subject to PRC enterprise income tax, the transferee has an obligation to withhold tax from the sale proceeds, unless the transferor reports the transaction to the PRC tax authority under Circular 7. Late payment of applicable tax will subject the transferor to default interest. Gains derived from the sale of shares by investors through a public stock exchange are not subject to the PRC enterprise income tax pursuant to Circular 7 where such shares were acquired in a transaction through a public stock exchange. Circular 698 was abolished by an announcement promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation in October 2017 and effective from December 1, 2017, or SAT Circular 37, which, among others, provides specific provisions on matters concerning withholding of income tax of non-resident enterprises at source.2929As newly implemented, there is uncertainty as to the application of Circular 7 and SAT Circular 37, both of which may be determined by the tax authorities to be applicable to our offshore restructuring transactions or sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries where non-resident enterprises, being the transferors, were involved. The PRC tax authorities may pursue such non-resident enterprises with respect to a filing regarding the transactions and request our PRC subsidiaries to assist in the filing. As a result, we and our non-resident enterprises in such transactions may become at risk of being subject to filing obligations or being taxed under Circular 7, and may be required to expend valuable resources to comply with Circular 7 or to establish that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under Circular 7, for our previous and future restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.The PRC government may issue further restrictive measures in the future.We cannot assure you that the PRCs government will not issue further restrictive measures in the future. The PRC governments restrictive regulations and measures could increase our operating costs in adapting to these regulations and measures, limit our access to capital resources or even restrict our business operations, which could further adversely affect our business and prospects.Our PRC subsidiaries are not incompliant with the taxation, environmental, employment and social security rules of China, and they may face penalties imposed by the PRC government.If our PRC subsidiaries fail to strictly comply with PRC laws and regulations to contribute towards social insurance premium and housing fund on behalf of their employees, which are based on the average salary of employees instead of their employees average monthly salary for the preceding year, as required by the applicable laws and regulations. We may be required by relevant authorities to make up the shortfall of social insurance premium and housing fund. Even after we have successfully settled all tax payables, if any PRC government authority takes the position that there is non-compliance with the taxation, environmental protection, employment and/or social security rules by our PRC subsidiary, they may be exposed to penalties from PRC government authorities, in which case the operation of our PRC subsidiary in question may be adversely affected.If relations between the United States and China worsen, our stock price may decrease and we may have difficulty accessing the U.S. capital markets.At various times during recent years, the United States and China have had disagreements over political and economic issues. Controversies may arise in the future between these two countries. Any political or trade conflicts between the United States and China could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock and our ability to access U.S. capital markets.Interpretation of PRC laws and regulations involves uncertainty.Our core business is conducted within China and is governed by PRCs laws and regulations. The PRCs legal system is based on written statutes, and prior court decisions can only be used as a reference. Since 1979, the PRCs government has promulgated laws and regulations in relation to economic matters such as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance, commerce, taxation and trade, with a view to developing a comprehensive system of commercial law, including laws relating to property ownership and development. However, due to the fact that these laws and regulations have not been fully developed, and because of the limited volume of published cases and the non-binding nature of prior court decisions, interpretation of PRCs laws and regulations involves a degree of uncertainty. Some of these laws may be changed without immediate publication or may be amended with retroactive effect. Depending on the government agency or how an application or case is presented to such agency, we may receive less favorable interpretations of laws and regulations than our competitors, particularly if a competitor has long been established in the locality of, and has developed a relationship with such agency. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and a diversion of resources and management attention. All of these uncertainties may cause difficulties in the enforcement of entitlements under our permits and other statutory and contractual rights and interests.3030MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OFFINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONSThe following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report.Certain statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, regarding, among other things, (a) our projected sales, profitability, and cash flows, (b) our growth strategy, (c) anticipated trends in our industry, (d) our future financing plans, and (e) our anticipated needs for, and use of, working capital. They are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, anticipate, estimate, plan, potential, project, continuing, ongoing, expects, management believes, we believe, we intend, or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.COMPANY OVERVIEWUpon the consummation of the Share Exchange, we engage in the business of developing and operating membership-based social network, dating and mobile gaming, and interactive live broadcast platforms. We are currently devoting our efforts to develop mobile applications and online platforms servicing the Asia market.CX Network Group, Inc., or CXKJ, owns 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Chuangxiang Holdings Inc., or CX Cayman, which was incorporated on February 4, 2016 under the laws of Cayman Islands. CX Cayman owns 100% of Chuangxiang (Hong Kong) Holdings Limited, or CX HK, since December 1, 2016. CX HK operates through its subsidiary, Chuangxiang Network Technology (Shenzhen) Limited, or CX Network. CX Network was incorporated on April 12, 2016 under the laws of Peoples Republic of China (PRC) as a wholly foreign owned enterprise and is engaged in the business of mobile applications development, commercial information consulting, cultural activities planning, marketing and advertising.On April 20, 2017, CX Network entered into a series of VIE Agreements with Shenzhen Chuangxiang Network Technology Limited, or Shenzhen CX, and its shareholders, in which CX Network effectively assumed management of the business activities of Shenzhen CX and has the right to appoint all executives and senior management and the members of the board of directors of Shenzhen CX. Shenzhen CX is a Chinese limited liability company and was formed under laws of the Peoples Republic of China on August 14, 2015. Shenzhen CX engages in the business of developing and operating membership-based social network, dating and mobile gaming, and interactive live broadcast platforms. The Company is currently devoting its efforts to develop mobile applications and online platforms servicing the Asia market.3131For more information of the VIE Agreements, please refer to the VIE Agreements on page 5.Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement signed on March 20, 2018, CXKJ acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding securities of CX Cayman in exchange for 5,350,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share of CXKJ. As a result of the Share Exchange, the business of CX Cayman becomes our business. As such, the following results of operations are focused on the operations of CX Cayman and exclude the operations of the Company prior to the Share Exchange.Foreign OperationsSubstantially all of our business operations are conducted in Mainland China. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects are subject to a significant degree to economic, political and legal developments in the PRC. We also have operations in Hong Kong. Operating in foreign countries involves substantial risk. For example, our business activities subject us to a number of Chinese laws and regulations, such as anti-corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy and security requirements, labor laws, intellectual property laws, privacy laws, and anti-competition regulations, which have uncertainties. Any failure to comply with the PRC laws and regulations could subject us to fines and penalties, make it more difficult or impossible to do business in China and harm our reputation.Operating in foreign countries also subjects us to risk from currency fluctuations. Our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. dollar denominated sales and operating expenses. The weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings. This could either reduce the U.S. dollar value of our prices or, if we raise prices in the local currency, it could reduce the overall demand for our offerings. Either could adversely affect our revenue. Conversely, a rise in the price of local currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could adversely impact our profitability because it would increase our costs denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins.Critical Accounting Policies and EstimatesGoing ConcernIn assessing the Companys liquidity, the Company monitors and analyzes its cash and cash equivalents and its operating and capital expenditure commitments. The Companys liquidity needs are to meet its working capital requirements, operating expenses and capital expenditure obligations. As of September 30, 2017, the Companys current liabilities exceeded the current assets, its accumulated deficit was approximately $1,550,000 and the Company has incurred losses since inception. None of the Companys stockholders, officers or directors, or third parties, are under any obligation to advance us funds, or to invest in us. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of our business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.Use of estimatesThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.3232Net loss per common shareThe Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. At September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the periods presented.Fair value of financial instrumentsThe Company follows the provisions of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:Level 1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date.Level 2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entitys own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information.The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, other receivable, prepaid expenses, accrued liabilities and other payable, and short-term loans approximate their fair market value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments.Management believes it is not practical to estimate the fair value of due to related party because the transactions cannot be assumed to have been consummated at arms length, the terms are not deemed to be market terms, there are no quoted values available for these instruments, and an independent valuation would not be practical due to the lack of data regarding similar instruments, if any, and the associated potential costs.Risks and UncertaintiesThe Companys operations are substantially carried out in the PRC. Accordingly, the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations maybe substantially influenced by the political, economic and legal environments in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRCs economy. The Companys operations in the PRC are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal environments and foreign currency exchange. The Companys results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things.Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and trade accounts receivable. Substantially all of the Companys cash is maintained with state-owned banks within the PRC, and no deposits are covered by insurance. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risks on its cash in bank accounts.Cash and cash equivalentsCash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments, which are unrestricted from withdrawal or use, or which have original maturities of three months or less when purchased.3333Accounts receivableAccounts receivable primarily represents the cash due from third-party application stores and other payment channels, net of allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company makes estimates for the allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its assessment of various factors, including the age of accounts receivable balances, credit quality of third-party application stores and other payment channels, current economic conditions and other factors that may affect their ability to pay. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded in the period in which a loss is determined to be probable. At September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company has determined the risk of uncollected receivable is remote.Property and equipment, netProperty and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Significant additions or improvements extending useful lives of assets are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation and amortization are computed based on cost, less their estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives as follows:Electronic equipment 3 years Furniture and fixtures 3 years Leasehold improvement Shorter of the lease term or their economic lives3 yearsFurniture and fixtures 3 years3 yearsLeasehold improvement Shorter of the lease term or their economic livesShorter of the lease term or their economic livesImpairment of long-lived assetsLong-lived assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be fully recoverable. It is possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology, economy or other industry changes. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested for possible impairment, the Company first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying value. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, relief from royalty income approach, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary.The Company makes various assumptions and estimates regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors in determining the fair values of the respective assets. The assumptions and estimates used to determine future values and remaining useful lives of long-lived assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by various factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as the Companys business strategy and its forecasts for specific market expansion. The Company did not record any impairment charges for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016.Income taxesThe Company utilizes ASC Topic 740 (ASC 740) Income taxes, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.ASC 740 Income taxes clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in tax positions. This interpretation requires that an entity recognizes in the financial statements the impact of a tax position, if that position is more likely than not of being sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company has elected to classify interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if and when required, as part of income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company evaluate the level of authority for each uncertain tax position (including the potential application of interest and penalties) based on the technical merits, and measure the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. As of September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits.3434Revenue recognitionThe Company currently recognizes revenue from users in the form of membership subscription and  la carte online credit purchases. Membership subscription is a service package which enables members to enjoy additional functions and privileges. Members pay in advance, primarily by using a debit card or through mobile app stores, and, subject to certain conditions identified in the Companys terms and conditions, all purchases are final and nonrefundable. Fees collected, in advance for memberships subscription are deferred and recognized as revenue using the straight-line method over the terms of the applicable membership period, which primarily range from one to three months. Membership subscription revenue is insignificant for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016.  la carte online credit purchases are non-refundable and the risk passes to users when users pay for  la carte features. Revenue from the purchase of  la carte features is recognized upon users paying for the purchase. Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; the price is fixed or determinable; and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue was recorded on a gross basis, net of surcharges and value added tax (VAT) of gross sales. The Company recorded revenue on a gross basis because the Company has the following indicators for gross reporting: is the primary obligor of the sales arrangements, has latitude in establishing prices, has discretion in suppliers selection and assumes credit risks on receivables from customers.Cost of revenuesCost of revenues primarily includes bandwidth costs, professional expenses associated with maintenance of mobile platform, and labor costs.Foreign currency translationThe reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of CX Network and Shenzhen CX is the local currency, the Chinese Renminbi (RMB) as PRC is the primary economic environment in which they operate. The functional currency of CX HK is Hong Kong Dollar (the HKD). The Companys subsidiaries or VIE with functional currency of RMB translate their operating results and financial positions into the U.S. dollar, the Companys reporting currency. Results of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the period, assets and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate at the end of the period, and equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Translation adjustments resulting from the process of translating the local currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are included in other comprehensive income in the statement of stockholders equity. The Company does not enter any material transaction in foreign currencies and accordingly, transaction gains or losses have not had, and are not expected to have, a material effect on the results of operations of the Company.Accumulated other comprehensive lossComprehensive loss is comprised of net loss and all changes to the statements of stockholders equity, except those due to investments by stockholders, changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders. For the Company, comprehensive loss for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 included net loss and unrealized loss from foreign currency translation adjustments.Research and development expensesResearch and development expenses include salaries and benefits for research and development personnel, depreciation expenses associated with the research and development activities, and other related expenses associated with product development. The Companys research and development activities primarily consist of the research and development of new features for its mobile platform and its self-developed mobile games. The Company has expensed all research and development expenses when incurred.3535Related partiesParties are considered to be related to the Company if the parties that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, control, are controlled by, or are under common control with the Company. Related parties also include principal owners of the Company, its management, members of the immediate families of principal owners of the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.Operating leasesThe Company has adopted FASB Accounting Standard Codification, or ASC 840. If the lease terms meet one or all of the following four criteria, it will be classified as a capital lease, otherwise, it is an operating lease: (1) The lease transfers the title to the lessee at the end of the term; (2) the lease contains a bargain purchase option; (3) the lease term is equal to 75% of the estimated economic life of the leased property or more; (4) the present value of the minimum lease payment in the term equals or exceeds 90% of the fair value of the leased property.Recent accounting pronouncementsIn May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which clarifies existing accounting literature relating to how and when a company recognizes revenue. Under ASU 2014-09, a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company does not expect a material impact on the consolidated financial statement upon the adoption of this ASU.In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. The amendments in ASU 2015-17 eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The amendments may be applied prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company does not expect a material impact on the consolidated financial statement upon the adoption of this ASU.In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes the existing guidance for lease accounting, Leases (Topic 840). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize leases on their balance sheets, and leaves lessor accounting largely unchanged. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted for all entities. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to elect to use certain transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash. These amendments require that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. As a result, amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. The amendments do not provide a definition of restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.3636In December 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20, Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments in ASU 2016-20 affect narrow aspects of the guidance issued in ASU 2014-09 including Loan Guarantee Fees, Contract Costs, Provisions for Losses on Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts, Disclosure of Remaining Performance Obligations, Disclosure of Prior Period Performance Obligations, Contract Modifications, Contract Asset vs. Receivable, Refund Liability, Advertising Costs, Fixed Odds Wagering Contracts in the Casino Industry, and Costs Capitalized for Advisors to Private Funds and Public Funds. The amendments in this ASU is effective for public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those periods. Early adoption is permitted under certain circumstances. The amendments should be applied prospectively as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF CX CaymanResults of Operations for the three months ended December 31, 2017 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2016RevenuesFor the three months ended December 31, 2017, we had total revenues of $229,859, as compared to $340 for the three months ended December 31, 2016. The revenues were generated through in-app purchases in our mobile applications Hot Chat and Little Love. The increase in the three months ended December 31, 2017 was primarily attributable to the significantly increased subscribers of Little Love and in-app purchases.Cost of RevenuesFor the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, cost of revenues amounted to $21,253 and $4,532, respectively. The increase of cost of revenues in the three months ended December 31, 2017 was primarily attributable to the increase of labor cost.Gross Profit (Loss)For the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, gross profit (loss) amounted to $208,606 and $(4,192), respectively. The increase of gross profit during the three months ended December 31, 2017 was primarily attributable to the increase in revenues.Selling ExpensesFor the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, selling expenses amounted to $14,352 and $12,953, respectively. The increase of selling expenses in the amount of $1,399 or 10.8% was primarily attributable to increase in selling services expense during the three months ended December 31, 2017.General and Administrative ExpensesFor the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, general and administrative expenses amounted to $259,449 and $55,829, respectively. The increase of general and administrative expenses in the amount of $203,620 or 364.7% was primarily attributable to the increase of salaries expense as a result of more employees hired and lease expense.Research and Development ExpensesFor the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, research and development expenses amounted to $129,866 and $12,278, respectively. The increase of research and development expenses in the amount of $117,588 or 957.7% during the three months ended December 31, 2017 was primarily attributable to the increased activities in developing new games and applications.Other (Expenses) IncomeFor the three months ended December, 2017, total other expense was $322 as compared to total other income of $70 for the three months ended December 31, 2016.3737Net lossFor the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, net loss amounted to $195,383 and $85,182, respectively. The increase of net loss in the amounts of $110,201 or 129.4% during the three months ended December 31, 2017 was a result of the factors described above.Foreign Currency Translation AdjustmentThe functional currency of our Shenzhen CX operating in the PRC is the Chinese Yuan or Renminbi (RMB). The financial statements of Shenzhen CX are translated to U.S. dollars using period end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange (for the period) for revenues, costs, and expenses. Net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions are included in the consolidated statements of operations.As a result of these translations, which are a non-cash adjustment, we reported a foreign currency translation loss of $20,257 for the three months ended December 31, 2017 as compared to a foreign currency translation gain of $2,239 for the three months ended December 31, 2016. This non-cash loss had the effect of increasing our reported comprehensive loss.Comprehensive LossFor the three months ended December 31, 2017, comprehensive loss of $215,640 is derived from the sum of our net loss of $195,383 plus foreign currency translation loss of $20,257. For the three months ended December 31, 2016, comprehensive loss of $82,943 is derived from the sum of our net loss of $85,182 and offset by the foreign currency translation gain of $2,239.Results of Operations for the Year ended September 30, 2017 Compared to the Year ended September 30, 2016RevenuesFor the year ended September 30, 2017, we had total revenues of $174,456, as compared to $3,431 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The revenues were generated through in-app purchases in our mobile applications Hot Chat and Little Love. The increase of $171,025, or 498%, during the fiscal year 2017 was primarily attributable to the significantly increased subscription of Little Love.Cost of RevenuesFor the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, cost of revenues amounted to $30,990 and $15,178, respectively. The increase of cost of revenues in 2017 was primarily attributable to the increase of labor cost and professional expenses associated with maintenance of mobile platform.Gross Profit (Loss)For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, gross profit (loss) amounted to $143,466 and $(11,747), respectively. The increase of cost of revenues in 2017 was primarily attributable to the increase in revenues.Selling ExpensesFor the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, selling expenses amounted to $20,402 and $663,375, respectively. The decrease of selling expenses in the amount of $643K in 2017 was primarily attributable to decrease in professional services expense.General and Administrative ExpensesFor the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, general and administrative expenses amounted to $428,220 and $107,912, respectively. The increase of general and administrative expenses of $320,308, or 296.8% in 2017 was primarily attributable to the increase of salaries expense and lease expense.Research and Development ExpensesFor the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, research and development expenses amounted to $293,209 and $17,508, respectively. The increase of research and development expenses in the amount of $276K was primarily attributable to the increased activities in developing new games and applications.Other Income (Expenses)For the year ended September 30, 2017, total other expense was $147,176 as compared to total other income of $75 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The decrease is primarily attributable to the donation of $147K to a public welfare. The donation event was hosted by Dinghu district in Zhaoqing city, Guangdong province and the donated fund was used to assist approximately 200 families in poverty in Dinghu district and provided funding for their housing and childrens educational needs. The district government issued an appreciation letter and medals to the Company Additionally, the Companys name was mentioned in several media included newspapers, online media, news channels and printed magazines as part of the donation event campaign. The Company believes the donation helped to increase its brand name visibility and improve its positive public image.3838Net lossFor the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, net loss amounted to $745,541 and $800,667, respectively. The decrease of net loss in the amounts of $55K was a result of the factors described above.Foreign Currency Translation AdjustmentThe functional currency of our VIE entity operating in the PRC is the Chinese Yuan or RMB. The financial statements of our VIE are translated to U.S. dollars using period end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange (for the period) for revenues, costs, and expenses. Net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions are included in the consolidated statements of operations.As a result of these translations, which are a non-cash adjustment, we reported a foreign currency translation loss of $17,260 for the year ended September 30, 2017 as compared to a foreign currency translation loss $20,786 for the year ended September 30, 2016. This non-cash loss had the effect of increasing our reported comprehensive loss.Comprehensive LossFor the year ended September 30, 2017, comprehensive loss of $762,801 is derived from the sum of our net loss of $745,541 plus foreign currency translation loss of $17,260. For the year ended September 30, 2016, comprehensive loss of $821,453 is derived from the sum of our net loss of $800,667 plus foreign currency translation loss of $20,786.LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCESIn assessing the Companys liquidity, the Company monitors and analyzes its cash and cash equivalents and its operating and capital expenditure commitments. The Companys liquidity needs are to meet its working capital requirements, operating expenses and capital expenditure obligations. As of December 31, 2017, the Companys working capital deficit was approximately $216,000 as compared to working capital deficit of approximately $932,000 as of September 30, 2017. As of December 31, 2017 and September 30, 2017, the Companys accumulated deficit was approximately $1,742,000 and $1,546,000, respectively, and the Company has incurred losses since inception. None of the Companys stockholders, officers or directors, or third parties, are under any obligation to advance the Company funds, or to invest in it. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, the Company may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of its business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.Cash flows from the Company's operations are calculated based upon the local currencies using the average translation rate. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheets.The following summarizes the key components of the Companys cash flows for the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016:Three Months Ended December 31, 2017 2016 Net cash used in operating activities $(196,431) $(98,243) Cash flows used in investing activities $(3,713) $(1,888) Cash flows provided by financing activities $237,298 $105,173 Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalent $1,129 $(906) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents $38,283 $4,136Three Months Ended December 31,2017 201620172016Net cash used in operating activities $(196,431) $(98,243)$(196,431)$(98,243)Cash flows used in investing activities $(3,713) $(1,888)$(3,713)$(1,888)Cash flows provided by financing activities $237,298 $105,173$237,298$105,173Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalent $1,129 $(906)$1,129$(906)Net increase in cash and cash equivalents $38,283 $4,136$38,283$4,136Net cash used in operating activities for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was $196,431 as compared to net cash used in operating activities of $98,234 for the three months ended December 31, 2016. The increase in cash used in operating activities for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was mainly due to increase in the net loss of approximately $117,000.3939Net cash used in investing activities for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was $3,713 as compared to $1,888 for the three months ended December 31, 2016. The increased spending for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was because the Company expanded its operations and purchased more office equipment and office furniture, and invested in leasehold improvement.Net cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was $237,298 as compared to $105,173 for the three months ended December 31, 2016. The increase in cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended December 31, 2017 was mainly due to increase in proceeds from related parties of approximately $319,000, partially offset by increase in repayments to related parties of approximately $187,000.The following summarizes the key components of the Companys cash flows for the years ended September, 2017 and 2016:Years Ended September 30, 2017 2016 Net cash used in operating activities $(571,636) $(776,369) Cash flows used in investing activities $(101,305) $(6,141) Cash flows provided by financing activities $687,293 $805,520 Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalent $38 $(2,441) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents $14,390 $20,569Years Ended September 30,2017 201620172016Net cash used in operating activities $(571,636) $(776,369)$(571,636)$(776,369)Cash flows used in investing activities $(101,305) $(6,141)$(101,305)$(6,141)Cash flows provided by financing activities $687,293 $805,520$687,293$805,520Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalent $38 $(2,441)$38$(2,441)Net increase in cash and cash equivalents $14,390 $20,569$14,390$20,569Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2017 was $571,636 as compared to net cash used in operating activities of $776,369 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in cash used in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2017 was mainly due to:Decrease in the net loss of approximately $55,000, andDecrease in the net loss of approximately $55,000, andIncrease in accrued liabilities and other payables of approximately $157,000.Increase in accrued liabilities and other payables of approximately $157,000.Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2017 was $101,305 as compared to $6,141 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The increased spending for the year ended September 30, 2017 was because the Company expanded its operations and purchased more office equipment and office furniture, and invested in leasehold improvement.Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2017 was $687,293 as compared to $805,520 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2017 was mainly due to:Decrease in capital contribution from stockholders of approximately $767,000, andDecrease in capital contribution from stockholders of approximately $767,000, andIncrease in repayment to related parties of approximately $220,000, Partially offset by:Increase in repayment to related parties of approximately $220,000, Partially offset by:Partially offset by:Increase in proceeds from related parties of approximately $824,000, andIncrease in proceeds from related parties of approximately $824,000, andIncrease in proceeds from short-term loans of approximately $45,000.Increase in proceeds from short-term loans of approximately $45,000.OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTSAs of September 30, 2017 and 2016, there are no off-balance sheet arrangements between us and any other entity that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to our investors.4040DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIESCommon StockWe are authorized to issue 20,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share. As of the date of this report, there are 19,836,670 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Each outstanding share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote, either in person or by proxy, on all matters that may be voted upon by their holders at meetings of the stockholders.All shares of common stock have equal rights and privileges with respect to voting, liquidation and dividend rights. Each share of common stock entitled the hold thereof (a) to one non-cumulative vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders; (b) to participate equally and to receive any and all such dividends as may be declared by the board of directors; and (c) to participate in any distribution of assets available for distribution upon liquidation. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights to acquire additional shares of common stock or any other securities.At the completion of the Share Exchange, our officers and directors collectively own approximately 84.11% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock on an undiluted basis.Series A Convertible DebentureAs of the date hereof, there are a Series A convertible debenture in an aggregate principal amount of $150,000 (the Debenture) issued and outstanding. The Series A convertible debenture, by its principal terms,(a) carries a 8% annual interest; (b) is convertible at any time at the holders discretion into shares of Common Stock at $0.15 per share; and (c) matures on April 18, 2018.(a)carries a 8% annual interest;(b) is convertible at any time at the holders discretion into shares of Common Stock at $0.15 per share; and(b)is convertible at any time at the holders discretion into shares of Common Stock at $0.15 per share; and(c) matures on April 18, 2018.(c)matures on April 18, 2018.Copy of Series A convertible debenture is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.7.MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE COMPANYS COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERSOur common stock trades in the OTC Grey marketplace under the symbol CXKJ". The OTC marketplace is a quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last-sale prices, and volume information in over-the-counter ("OTC") equity securities. OTC Grey Market has limited quotations and marketability of securities. We plan to take the appropriate steps to up-list to the OTCQB Exchange and resume priced quotations with market makers as soon as it is able, however, we cannot assure whether and when we will be successful with respect to this plan.Price Range of Common StockThe following table shows, for the periods indicated, the high and low bid prices per share of our post-split Common Stock as reported by the OTC Markets, Inc. These bid prices represent prices quoted by broker-dealers on the OTCBB quotation service. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions, and may not represent actual transactions.High Low Fiscal Year 2016 First quarter ended December 31, 2015 $0.09 $0 Second quarter ended March 31, 2016 $0.15 $0.04 Third quarter ended June 30, 2016 $0.15 $0.06 Fourth quarter ended September 30, 2016 $0.13 $0.05 Fiscal Year 2017 First quarter ended December 31, 2016 $0.15 $0.05 Second quarter ended March 31, 2017 $0.15 $0 Third quarter ended June 30, 2017 $0.45 $0 Fourth quarter ended September 30, 2017 $0 $0 Fiscal Year 2018 First quarter ended December 31, 2016 $0 $0HighLowFiscal Year 2016First quarter ended December 31, 2015 $0.09 $0$0.09$0Second quarter ended March 31, 2016 $0.15 $0.04$0.15$0.04Third quarter ended June 30, 2016 $0.15 $0.06$0.15$0.06Fourth quarter ended September 30, 2016 $0.13 $0.05$0.13$0.05Fiscal Year 2017First quarter ended December 31, 2016 $0.15 $0.05$0.15$0.05Second quarter ended March 31, 2017 $0.15 $0$0.15$0Third quarter ended June 30, 2017 $0.45 $0$0.45$0Fourth quarter ended September 30, 2017 $0 $0$0$0Fiscal Year 2018First quarter ended December 31, 2016 $0 $0$0$04141Stockholders of RecordAs of the date of this report, there were 8 stockholders of record of our Common Stock.DividendsThere were no dividends paid during the years ended September 30, 2017 or 2016.Rule 144In general, under Rule 144 a person, or persons whose shares are aggregated, who is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at any time during the 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned shares of our Common Stock for at least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner, except if the prior owner was one of our affiliates, would be entitled to sell all of their shares, provided the availability of current public information about our company.Sales under Rule 144 may also subject to manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about our company. Any substantial sale of Common Stock pursuant to any resale registration statement or Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock by creating an excessive supply.Because we were a shell company with no operations prior to the close of the Share Exchange, sales of our shares must be compliant with Rule 144(i). Pursuant to Rule 144(i), none of our shares of Common Stock may be sold under Rule 144 until March [20], 2018, which is 12 months after the filing of this current report on Form 8-K reporting the closing of the Share Exchange. Additionally, stockholders may not sell our shares pursuant to Rule 144 unless at the time of the sale, we have filed all reports, other than reports on Form 8-K, required under the Exchange Act with the SEC for the preceding 12 months.Recent Sales of Unregistered SecuritiesOn March 31, 2017, in connection with the spinoff of Ding King, MLGT issued three Notes for an aggregate amount of $133,000, with a 5% annual interest rate. On April 19, 2017, the noteholders converted the outstanding principal amounts of their Notes into an aggregate number of 13,300,000 shares of Common Stock of MLGT at a conversion price of $.01 per share. In addition, all the noteholders agree to waive their rights to receive the payment of accrued and outstanding interest under the Notes.On April 19, 2017, the Company issued series A Convertible Debenture to a purchaser in an aggregate principal amount of $150,000 with a 8% annual interest convertible into shares of Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share at price of $.01 per share.On March 20, 2018, the Company issued 5,350,000 shares of Common Stock to the former shareholders of CX Cayman in exchange of 100% equity interest in CX Cayman pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement.The shares of Common Stock issued to the Noteholders upon conversion of the Notes, the Debenture issued to the purchaser and the shares issued to the former shareholders of CX Cayman by the Company are issued pursuant to the exemption from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Rule 506 and/or Regulation S promulgated thereunder.4242SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT FOLLOWING THE CHUANGXIANG SHARE EXCHANGEThe following table sets forth certain information regarding the ownership of our capital stock, as of the date of this report, for: by (i) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of the outstanding common stock, (ii) each executive officer and director of the Company, and (iii) all of our executive officers and directors as a group.Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. For purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 19, 2018. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our Common Stock held by each person or group of persons named below, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 19, 2018 is deemed to be outstanding for such person, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership.Unless otherwise indicated, the Company believes that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of the Company, Room 1205, 1A Building, Shenzhen, Software Industry Base, Xuefu Rd, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, GuangdongProvince, China.Title of Class Name and Address Number of Common Shares Beneficially Owned Percent of Class (1) Directors and Officers Common Stock Huibin Su, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 11,288,167(1) 56.91% Common Stock Jiyin Li, Chairman 5,395,167(2) 27.20% Common Stock Zizhong Huang, Chief Operating Officer - - Common Stock All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 16,683,334 84.11% 5% Holders Common Stock Continent Investment Management Limited(3) 2,728,500 13.76% Common Stock Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited(4) 2,621,500 13.22%Name and AddressNumber of Common Shares Beneficially OwnedPercent of Class (1)Directors and OfficersDirectors and OfficersCommon Stock Huibin Su, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 11,288,167(1) 56.91%Huibin Su, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director11,288,167(1)56.91%Common Stock Jiyin Li, Chairman 5,395,167(2) 27.20%Jiyin Li, Chairman5,395,167(2)27.20%Common Stock Zizhong Huang, Chief Operating Officer - -Zizhong Huang, Chief Operating Officer--Common Stock All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 16,683,334 84.11%All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons)16,683,33484.11%5% Holders5% HoldersCommon Stock Continent Investment Management Limited(3) 2,728,500 13.76%Continent Investment Management Limited(3)2,728,50013.76%Common Stock Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited(4) 2,621,500 13.22%Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited(4)2,621,50013.22%(1)Including 8,666,667 shares of Common Stock directly held by Mr. Su and 2,621,500 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Su through his holding of Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited.(1)Including 8,666,667 shares of Common Stock directly held by Mr. Su and 2,621,500 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Su through his holding of Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited.(2)Including 2,666,667 shares of Common Stock directly held by Mr. Li and 2,728,500 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Li through his ownership of Continent Investment Management Limited.(2)Including 2,666,667 shares of Common Stock directly held by Mr. Li and 2,728,500 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Li through his ownership of Continent Investment Management Limited.(3)Mr. Li holds 100% membership interest of Continent Investment Management Limited, a British Virgin Islands company with its principal business address at Unit 8, 3/F., Qwomar Trading Complex, Blackbune road, Port Purcell, Road Town, Torotla, British Virgin Islands.(3)Mr. Li holds 100% membership interest of Continent Investment Management Limited, a British Virgin Islands company with its principal business address at Unit 8, 3/F., Qwomar Trading Complex, Blackbune road, Port Purcell, Road Town, Torotla, British Virgin Islands.(4)Mr. Su holds 100% equity interest of Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited, a British Virgin Islands company with its principal business address at Unit 8, 3/F., Qwomar Trading Complex, Blackbune road, Port Purcell, Road Town, Torotla, British Virgin Islands(4)Mr. Su holds 100% equity interest of Golden Fish Capital Investment Limited, a British Virgin Islands company with its principal business address at Unit 8, 3/F., Qwomar Trading Complex, Blackbune road, Port Purcell, Road Town, Torotla, British Virgin Islands4343
Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 12, 2018, CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (the Company) was acquired by Lennar Corporation (Lennar) through a transaction in which the Company was merged with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lennar (Merger Sub), with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving corporation and a subsidiary of Lennar (the Merger). The Merger took place pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 29, 2017, among the Company, Lennar and Merger Sub (the Merger Agreement).The Companys stockholders are receiving as Merger consideration 0.885 shares of Lennar Class A common stock and 0.0177 shares of Lennar Class B common stock with regard to each share of the Companys common stock. However, the Companys stockholders had the option, which expired on February 5, 2018, to elect to receive $48.26 per Company share in cash instead of Lennar stock as Merger consideration, subject to a limit that the amount Lennar would be required to pay in cash would not exceed $1,162,249,972. Due to that limit, the option to receive cash could not be exercised with regard to more than 24,083,091 shares of the Companys common stock. Holders of only 391,893 shares of the Companys common stock elected to receive cash. However, MP CA Homes LLC, the largest stockholder of the Company, had agreed that to the extent stockholders did not elect to receive cash with regard to the full 24,083,091 shares, MP CA Homes LLC would be deemed to have elected to receive cash with regard to the maximum number of shares as to which cash elections could be made (i.e., 24,083,091 shares). As a result, Company stockholders will receive as merger consideration a total of 82,731,943 shares of Lennar Class A common stock, 1,654,639 shares of Lennar Class B common stock and $1,162,249,972 in cash. Lennar will issue additional shares and pay additional cash in the future as a result of conversions of convertible debt securities and exercises of options, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights that had been issued by the Company.The description above of the terms of the transaction does not purport to be complete. The transaction is described in greater detail in Registration Statement, File No. 333-221738 (the Registration Statement), filed by Lennar with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. A copy of the Merger Agreement is an Exhibit to the Registration Statement. The description of the Merger in the Registration Statement and the information about the Merger in the Merger Agreement are incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K.8-K.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously reported, on February 12, 2018, Carbonite, Inc. (the Company) entered into a definitive Master Acquisition Agreement (the Agreement) with EMC Corporation (EMC), Mozy, Inc. (Mozy) and Dell Technologies Inc.Pursuant to the Agreement, on March 19, 2018, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Mozy, a cloud backup service for consumers and businesses, and certain related business assets owned by EMC or its affiliates, for a purchase price of $145.8 million in cash, subject to potential adjustments for working capital. The purchase price was funded with cash on hand and funds available under the Companys new revolving credit facility discussed below.The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated by reference herein.Item 2.03Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.



Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Closing of Acquisition of HCBF Holding Company, Inc.Effective January 1, 2018, CenterState Bank Corporation (the Company or CenterState) completed its previously-announced merger (the HCBF Merger) with HCBF Holding Company, Inc. (HCBF), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between the Company (f/k/a CenterState Banks, Inc.) and HCBF, dated as of August 12, 2017 (the HCBF Merger Agreement). At the closing, HCBF merged with and into CenterState, with CenterState surviving the HCBF Merger. Immediately following the HCBF Merger, HCBFs wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Harbor Community Bank, merged with and into CenterState Bank, N.A., a national banking association and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (CenterState Bank), with CenterState Bank as the surviving national bank subsidiary of the Company.Pursuant to the HCBF Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of HCBF common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the HCBF Merger was converted into the right to receive (i) 0.675 shares of CenterState common stock and (ii) a cash amount equal to $1.925 plus any cash dividends payable to CenterState shareholders on or after the closing of the HCBF Merger. Each option to purchase shares of HCBF common stock automatically became fully vested and converted into an option to purchase the number of shares of CenterState common stock equal to the number of shares subject to such stock option multiplied by 0.75, and at an exercise price equal to the exercise price per share of the HCBF stock option divided by 0.75.The aggregate amount paid by the Company for the merger consideration in the HCBF Merger was 15,051,880 shares of CenterState common stock, which had a value of approximately $387.3 million based on the closing price of CenterState common stock on December 29, 2017, and $42.9 million in cash. Each share of CenterState common stock outstanding immediately prior to the HCBF Merger remained outstanding and was unaffected by the HCBF Merger.The foregoing description of the HCBF Merger Agreement and the HCBF Merger do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the HCBF Merger Agreement, which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2017.Closing of Acquisition of Sunshine Bancorp, Inc.Effective January 1, 2018, the Company also completed its previously-announced merger (the Sunshine Merger) with Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. (Sunshine), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between CenterState and Sunshine, dated as of August 12, 2017 (the Sunshine Merger Agreement). At the closing, Sunshine merged with and into CenterState, with CenterState surviving the Sunshine Merger. Immediately following the Sunshine Merger, Sunshines wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Sunshine Bank, merged with and into CenterState Bank with CenterState Bank as the surviving national bank subsidiary of the Company.Pursuant to the Sunshine Merger Agreement, Sunshines stockholders received for each share of Sunshine common stock outstanding 0.89 shares of CenterState common stock plus any cash dividends payable to CenterState shareholders on or after the closing of the Sunshine Merger. No fractional shares of CenterState common stock were issued in the Sunshine Merger and any fractional share of CenterState common stock will be paid at the rate of $25.94 per share. Each option to purchase shares of Sunshine common stock automatically became fully vested and converted into an option to purchase the number of shares of CenterState common stock equal to the number of shares subject to such stock option multiplied by 0.89 (rounded to the nearest whole share), and at an exercise price equal to the exercise price per share of the Sunshine stock option divided by 0.89 (rounded to the nearest cent). Additionally, each outstanding Sunshine restricted stock award automatically became vested in full and such shares were converted into the right to receive shares of CenterState common stock pursuant to the 0.89 exchange ratio.The aggregate amount paid by the Company for the merger consideration in the Sunshine Merger was 7,170,389 shares of CenterState common stock, which had a value of approximately $184.5 million based on the closing price of CenterState common stock on December 29, 2017. Each share of CenterState common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Sunshine Merger remained outstanding and was unaffected by the Sunshine Merger.The foregoing description of the Sunshine Merger Agreement and the Sunshine Merger do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Sunshine Merger Agreement, which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2.2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2017.Item 2.01

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On December 29, 2017, Clean Energy Fuels Corp. (the Registrant) and Landi Renzo S.p.A. (LR) completed the combination of their respective natural gas fueling compressor subsidiaries, IMW Industries Ltd. (formerly known as Clean Energy Compression Corp.) and SAFE S.p.A, in a new company known as SAFE&CEC S.r.l. (such transaction, the Combination). The new company is focused on manufacturing, selling and servicing natural gas fueling compressors and related equipment for the global natural gas fueling market. The Registrant owns 49% of SAFE&CEC S.r.l. and LR owns 51% of SAFE&CEC S.r.l.Combination was completed pursuant to the terms of an Investment Agreement (IA) between the Registrant and LR, which was entered into on November 26, 2017 and filed as Exhibit 2.12 to the Registrations Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 27, 2017. The foregoing description of the terms of the IA does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the IA, which is incorporated herein by reference. The IA contains representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto that are customary for transactions of this nature.In accordance with applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Registrant has prepared pro forma financial information about the continuing impact of the Combination by showing how it might have affected the Registrants historical consolidated financial statements if the transaction had been consummated at the end of the Registrants most recent interim period for purposes of the pro forma consolidated balance sheet and at the beginning of the Registrants last completed fiscal year for purposes of the pro forma consolidated statement of operations. Such pro forma financial information is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 20, 2018, Clearfield, Inc. (the Company) and Calix, Inc. (Seller) entered into and simultaneously closed the transactions contemplated by that certain Asset Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 (the Purchase Agreement). On February 21, 2018, the Company issued a press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 announcing the Purchase Agreement transactions.Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company purchased from Seller assets relating to a portfolio of outdoor powered cabinet products. The purchased assets include certain identified contracts, technology and intellectual property rights, inventory, tangible personal property, warranties, representations and guarantees from suppliers, distributors, manufacturers and contractors relating to products sold to Seller, claims relating to the purchased assets or assumed liabilities, marketing materials and product documentation.As consideration for the purchased assets, the Company paid the Seller $10,350,000 in cash and assumed certain liabilities of Seller, including obligations and liabilities arising from the purchased assets after the closing, liabilities under the identified contracts assigned to the Company, certain warranty obligations of Seller, and certain purchase commitments relating to the products. The purchase price was paid from the Companys cash on hand.In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company and the Seller also entered into various ancillary agreements, including an agent channel agreement by which the Seller has become a reseller of the outdoor powered cabinet products purchased by the Company on a nonexclusive basis for an initial term of eighteen months, subject to earlier termination.The foregoing summary of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition of Disposition of Assets.On February 28, 2018, Coeur Mining, Inc. (the Company or Coeur) completed the previously announced sale (the Transaction) of its subsidiary Empresa Minera Manquiri S.A., a Bolivian sociedad annima (Manquiri) to Ag-Mining Investments, AB (formerly NewCo 4714 Sweden AB under change of name to Argentum Investment AB) (the Buyer). Manquiri operates the San Bartolom mine and processing facility near Potos, Bolivia. The Company, Coeur South America Corp., a Delaware corporation (CSA), Coeur Explorations, Inc., an Idaho corporation (CEE and together with CSA and Coeur, the Sellers) completed the sale of 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Manquiri in exchange for: (A) a 2.0% net smelter returns royalty on all metals processed through the San Bartolom mines processing facility (commencing on the closing of the Transaction), (B) all value added tax refunds collected or received by Manquiri for any period ending on or before the closing date of the Transaction (net of reasonable collection expenses) and (C) promissory notes payable to the Sellers by the Buyer with an aggregate principal amount equal to $27.6 million, as adjusted to reflect Manquiris cash and cash equivalents as of the closing of the Transaction (the Notes). The Notes shall be repaid in equal monthly installments beginning on October 1, 2018 with a maturity date of September 1, 2019.Company or Coeur) completed the previously announced sale (the Transaction) of its subsidiary Empresa Minera Manquiri S.A., a Bolivian sociedad annima () to Ag-Mining Investments, AB (formerly NewCo 4714 Sweden AB under change of name to Argentum Investment AB) (the Buyer). Manquiri operates the San Bartolom mine and processing facility near Potos, Bolivia. The Company, Coeur South America Corp., a Delaware corporation (CSA), Coeur Explorations, Inc., an Idaho corporation (CEE and together with CSA and Coeur, the Sellers) completed the sale of 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Manquiri in exchange for: (A) a 2.0% net smelter returns royalty on all metals processed through the San Bartolom mines processing facility (commencing on the closing of the Transaction), (B) all value added tax refunds collected or received by Manquiri for any period ending on or before the closing date of the Transaction (net of reasonable collection expenses) and (C) promissory notes payable to the Sellers by the Buyer with an aggregate principal amount equal to $27.6 million, as adjusted to reflect Manquiris cash and cash equivalents as of the closing of the Transaction (the Notes). The Notes shall be repaid in equal monthly installments beginning on October 1, 2018 with a maturity date of September 1, 2019.Additional information regarding the Transaction is provided in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 26, 2017 and the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 16, 2018.Unaudited pro forma financial information, giving effect to the sale Transaction, as required by Item 9.01(b) of Form 8-K is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On October 1, 2018, Coeur Mining, Inc. (Coeur) completed its acquisition of Northern Empire Resources Corp. (Northern Empire) pursuant to the previously announced Arrangement Agreement (the Arrangement Agreement), dated August 2, 2018, between Coeur and Northern Empire and the Plan of Arrangement attached thereto.As contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, each share of Northern Empire common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the arrangement was exchanged for shares of Coeurs common stock at a ratio of 0.1850 shares of Coeur common stock for each Northern Empire common share. Pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, each option and common share purchase warrant of Northern Empire outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the arrangement automatically vested and was transferred to Coeur in exchange for that number of Coeur shares equal to the in-the-money value of such securities, minus any withholding taxes required to be withheld.The foregoing description of the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the copy of the Arrangement Agreement, including the Plan of Arrangement attached as Schedule A thereto, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to Coeurs Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference.Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 26, 2018 (the Distribution Date), Cogint, Inc. (Cogint) completed the previously announced spin-off (the Spin-off) of its risk management business from its digital marketing business by way of a distribution of all the shares of common stock (the Distribution) of Cogints wholly-owned subsidiary, Red Violet, Inc. (Red Violet) on a pro rata basis to Cogints stockholders of record as of March 19, 2018 (the Record Date) and certain warrant holders (the Spin-off Participants). In the Spin-off, each of the Spin-off Participants received one share of Red Violet common stock for every 7.5 shares of Cogints common stock held on the Record Date or to which they were entitled to under their warrant. Cogint distributed a total of 10,266,612 shares of Red Violet common stock to the Spin-off Participants. As a result of the Distribution, Red Violet is an independent public company and the Red Violet common stock will begin regular-way trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol RDVT on March 27, 2018. A Registration Statement on Form 10 relating to the Spin-off was filed by Red Violet with the Securities and Exchange Commission and was declared effective on March 15, 2018.Spin-off)Spin-off,regular-waySpin-offThe above description of the Spin-off does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, which was previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Cogints Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2018, which is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.8-KOn March 26, 2018, Fluent, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cogint (Fluent), entered into a Limited Consent and Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement (Amendment), among Fluent, as Borrower, Cogint, certain subsidiaries of Cogint party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Whitehorse Finance, Inc., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent), amending Fluents term loan facility dated as of December 8, 2015 among Fluent, the persons party thereto from time to time as guarantors, including Cogint, the financial institutions party thereto from time to time as lenders, and the Administrative Agent (as previously amended, the Agreement).The Amendment, among other things, refinanced the existing term loan and Cogints existing promissory notes with a new term loan in the principal amount of $70,000,000 (Term Loan), provides for the Borrower to request additional incremental term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $25,000,000 (Incremental Term Loan) and permits the Borrower to enter into an asset based revolving credit facility having aggregate commitments of up to $10,000,000 (the Revolver), subject to the terms and conditions of the Amendment, and modifies certain other provisions set forth in the Agreement, including certain financial covenants and related definitions. The Term Loan was used in part to retire promissory notes entered into in December 2015, payable to certain stockholders in the amount of $10,000,000 plus accrued interest of $1,425,020. The Term Loan and the Incremental Term Loan (collectively, the Term Loans) are guaranteed by Cogint and the other direct and indirect subsidiaries of Cogint, excluding Red Violet, and are secured by substantially all of the assets of Cogint and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Fluent, in each case, on an equal and ratable basis. The new Term Loans accrue interest at the rate of: either, at Fluents option, LIBOR (subject to a floor of 0.50%) plus 7.00% per annum, or base rate plus 6.0% per annum, payable in cash. Principal amortization of the Term Loans will be $875,000 per quarter commencing with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2018. The Term Loans mature on March 26, 2023.The above summary of the Amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The information set forth in the Explanatory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.On January 31, 2018, prior to the effective time of the Mergers, pursuant to the Combination Agreement, CLNS OP made the CLNS OP Contribution in exchange for approximately 44.4 million shares of the Class B-3 Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Class B-3 Common Stock and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock). Each share of Class B-3 Common Stock will convert into one (1) share of Class A Common Stock upon the close of trading on February 1, 2019.Class B-3Immediately following the CLNS OP Contribution and prior to the effective time of the Mergers, pursuant to the Combination Agreement, RED REIT made the RED REIT Contribution in exchange for approximately 3.1 million OP Units.Pursuant to the Combination Agreement, at the NorthStar I Merger Effective Time, each share of NorthStar I common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the NorthStar I Common Stock), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar I Merger Effective Time was cancelled and converted into the right to receive 0.3532 shares of Class A Common Stock, plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares (the NorthStar I Merger Consideration). Additionally, all of the shares of restricted stock granted under NorthStar Is Long Term Incentive Plan that were outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar I Merger Effective Time automatically became fully vested and entitled to receive the NorthStar I Merger Consideration.Also pursuant to the Combination Agreement, at the NorthStar II Merger Effective Time, each share of NorthStar II common stock, par value $0.01 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar II Merger Effective Time was cancelled and converted into the right to receive 0.3511 shares of Class A Common Stock, plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares (the NorthStar II Merger Consideration). Additionally, all of the shares of restricted stock granted under NorthStar IIs Long Term Incentive Plan that were outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar II Merger Effective Time automatically became fully vested and entitled to receive the NorthStar II Merger Consideration.Immediately following the Mergers, the Company contributed and conveyed to Company OP (i) the CLNS OP Contributed Entities, (ii) the equity interests of NorthStar I OP and (iii) the equity interests of NorthStar II OP, in exchange for an aggregate number of OP Units equal to the sum of (A) 44,399,444, (B) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the NorthStar I Merger and (C) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the NorthStar II Merger, respectively.In connection with the Combination, the Company issued approximately 42.1 million shares of Class A Common Stock to former NorthStar I stockholders and approximately 40.4 million shares of Class A Common Stock to former NorthStar II stockholders. Further, as noted above, the Company issued approximately 44.4 million shares of Class B-3 Common Stock to CLNS OP. Company OP issued approximately 3.1 million OP Units to RED REIT and approximately 126.9 million OP Units to the Company.In addition, prior to the closing of the Combination, the Company calculated the amount by which distributions by NorthStar I and NorthStar II from July 1, 2017 through January 30, 2018 (the Measurement Period) (excluding the dividend payment made on July 1, 2017) exceeded each such companys funds from operations. On January 31, 2018, NorthStar I, which generated the least amount of cash leakage in excess of funds from operations during the Measurement Period, declared a special cash dividend (the NorthStar I SpecialDividend) to the holders of record of the shares of NorthStar I Common Stock as of 9:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on January 31, 2018 (the NorthStar I Record Holders) in the amount of $0.013777364 per share of NorthStar I Common Stock, in order to true up the agreed contribution values of NorthStar I and NorthStar II in relation to each other. The NorthStar I Special Dividend has been deposited with NorthStar Is transfer agent for further payment to the NorthStar I Record Holders in accordance with the Combination Agreement.The issuance of the Class A Common Stock in connection with the Combination was registered under the Securities Act pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-221685) filed with the SEC on November 21, 2017 (as amended, the Registration Statement), and declared effective on December 6, 2017. The offer and sale of the Class B-3 Common Stock and OP Units in the Combination were made in reliance upon an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus of the Company, NorthStar I and NorthStar II, dated December 6, 2017 (as supplemented by the Companys, NorthStar Is and NorthStar IIs Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2018), which forms a part of the Registration Statement, contains additional information about the Combination and the other transactions contemplated by the Combination Agreement, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.Class B-3Form 8-K filedShares of the Class A Common Stock were approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) and began trading under the symbol CLNC on the NYSE effective as of the opening of trading on February 1, 2018.The foregoing description of the Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Combination Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registration Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.


Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On December 29, 2017, Colony NorthStar, Inc. (the Company) completed the previously announced sale of the Townsend Group ("Townsend") to Aon plc for $475 million (the "Townsend Disposition"). The Company was the majority owner of Townsend, which provides global investment management and advisory services primarily focused on real estate. Net proceeds received by the Company for its approximate 84% ownership interest in Townsend, adjusted for transaction and other expenses, was $379 million.December 29, 2017, Colony NorthStar, Inc. (the Company) completed the previously announced sale of the Townsend Group ("Townsend") to Aon plc for $475 million (the "Townsend Disposition"). The Company was the majority owner of Townsend, which provides global investment management and advisory services primarily focused on real estate. Net proceeds received by the Company for its approximate 84% ownership interest in Townsend, adjusted for transaction and other expenses, was $379 million.Item 8.01. Other Events.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition of Disposition of Assets.The AcquisitionOn January 16, 2018, pursuant to an Equity Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) entered into on December 22, 2017 by and among The Crypto Company, a Nevada corporation (the Company), CoinTracking, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (CoinTracking), Kachel Holding GmbH, an entity formed under the laws of the Republic of Germany (Kachel Holding), and Dario Kachel, an individual (Kachel), as described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2017, CoinTracking purchased from Kachel Holding 12,525 shares of CoinTracking GmbH, an entity formed under the laws of Germany (the GmbH), representing 50.1% of the equity interests in the GmbH, for a purchase price of (i) $4,736,400 in cash, and (ii) 473,640 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares), subject to adjustment as provided in the Agreement (the Acquisition).The issuance and transfer of the Shares in the Acquisition were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Shares were issued in reliance upon an exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company did not use any form of general solicitation or advertising to offer the securities issued.CoinTracking GmbHCoinTracking GmbH (the GmbH) is a portfolio manager for digital currencies which allows users to manage value, profit, loss and other information regarding their investments in cryptocurrencies, available via web-based or mobile application.As required by Item 9.01 of Form 8-K, within 71 days after the date hereof, the Company will prepare and file with the SEC an amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K that includes the financial statements and pro forma financial information prepared pursuant to Regulation S-X of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for the periods specified in Rule 3.05(b)(2) or Rule 8-04(b) thereunder.



Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously disclosed, on December 11, 2017, Dextera Surgical Inc. and Aesculap, Inc. (Aesculap) entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (as amended, the Asset Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which Dextera Surgical agreed to sell substantially all of its assets to Aesculap or its designee for $17.3 million. Immediately thereafter, Dextera Surgical filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Court).Also as previously disclosed, in connection with entering into the Asset Purchase Agreement, on December 15, 2017, Dextera Surgical and Aesculap entered into a Post-Petition Loan and Security Agreement (the DIP Loan Agreement) pursuant to which Aesculap agreed to loan to Dextera Surgical funds necessary to conduct its business through the process for the sale of its assets (the DIP Loan Amount).Consistent with the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, on February 20, 2018, Dextera Surgical sold substantially all of its assets to Aesculaps designee, AesDex, LLC, for $17.3 million. Of this amount, Dextera Surgical received approximately $13.6 million, with an additional $2 million funded into an escrow account for 24 months. The balance of the $17.3 million purchase price was used to repay the DIP Loan Amount of $0.9 million, make payments to counterparties to assigned contracts and leases, and pay associated closing expenses.Aesculap is part of the B. Braun Group. Dextera Surgical had a marketing and distribution agreement to distribute Dextera Surgicals MicroCutter 5/80 surgical stapler in Spain with B. Braun Surgical S.A., another part of the B. Braun Group, prior to entering into the Asset Purchase Agreement. The purchase price for the assets was determined in arms-length negotiations with Aesculap, and the sale of the assets was approved by the Court.Dextera Surgical does not anticipate filing financial statements for the sale of the assets, or pro forma financial statements, due to the fact that following the sale of the assets Dextera Surgical is no longer an operating company and lacks the personnel required to do so.

ITEM 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETSItem 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsThe information in Item 1.01 set forth above is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 27, 2018, AES Ohio Generation, LLC (AES Ohio), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of DPL Inc. (DPL), completed the transactions contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement with Kimura Power, LLC (Kimura Power) and, for certain limited purposes provided therein, Rockland Power Partners III, LP, pursuant to which AES Ohio sold to Kimura Power and its designated subsidiaries (the Peaker Asset Sale) the generation and related assets for the following AES Ohio facilities:586.0 MW Tait combustion turbine and diesel generation facility;586.0 MW Tait combustion turbine and diesel generation facility;586.0 MW Tait combustion turbine and diesel generation facility;236.0 MW Montpelier combustion turbine generation facility;236.0 MW Montpelier combustion turbine generation facility;236.0 MW Montpelier combustion turbine generation facility;101.5 MW Yankee combustion turbine generation and solar facility;101.5 MW Yankee combustion turbine generation and solar facility;101.5 MW Yankee combustion turbine generation and solar facility;25.0 MW Hutchings combustion turbine generation facility;25.0 MW Hutchings combustion turbine generation facility;25.0 MW Hutchings combustion turbine generation facility;12.0 MW Monument diesel generation facility;12.0 MW Monument diesel generation facility;12.0 MW Monument diesel generation facility;and12.0 MW Sidney diesel generation facility.and12.0 MW Sidney diesel generation facility.and12.0 MW Sidney diesel generation facility.The purchase price at closing was $239.3 million (inclusive of estimated working capital), which will be subject to customary post-closing reconciliation.In connection with the Peaker Asset Sale, DPL used a portion of the sale proceeds to prepay the outstanding amount of all term loans under its Credit Agreement dated July 31, 2015 (as amended by that certain First Amendment dated as of December 15, 2017, the Credit Agreement) and intends to use a portion of the sale proceeds to redeem approximately $101,000,000 in principal amount of its outstanding senior unsecured notes due in 2019 and for The Dayton Power and Light Company to redeem approximately $60,000,000 in principal amount of its outstanding tax-exempt first mortgage bonds. All obligations with respect to the term loans owing by DPL under the Credit Agreement are discharged and satisfied in full and any related security interests, mortgages, charges, liens and pledges in the Montpelier and Tait peaking units have been terminated, released and discharged.DPL has attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information to illustrate the pro forma effects of this transaction on the financial statements of DPL.Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Scripps Networks Interactive MergerOn March 6, 2018, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Discovery Communications, Inc. (Discovery), Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc., an Ohio corporation (Scripps), and Skylight Merger Sub, Inc., an Ohio corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Discovery (Merger Sub), dated July 30, 2017 (the Merger Agreement), Merger Sub was merged with and into Scripps with Scripps continuing as the surviving company (the Merger). Discovery is continuing as the parent company, and trades on the Nasdaq Global Market with the trading symbols DISCA, DISCB and DISCK.), Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc., an Ohio corporation (), and Skylight Merger Sub, Inc., an Ohio corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Discovery (), dated July 30, 2017 (the Merger Agreement), Merger Sub was merged with and into Scripps with Scripps continuing as the surviving company (the ). Discovery is continuing as the parent company, and trades on the Nasdaq Global Market with the trading symbols DISCA, DISCB and DISCK.On March 6, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each Common Voting Share, par value $0.01 per share, of Scripps (the Common Voting Shares) and each Class A Common Share, par value $0.01 per share, of Scripps (the Class A Shares, and collectively with the Common Voting Shares, the Scripps Shares) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger (other than Shares held by Discovery and Merger Sub) was converted into the right to receive $65.82 in cash (as a result of Discoverys exercise of the cash top-up right), without interest, and 1.0584 shares of Discovery Series C common stock (Series C Shares) for each Scripps Share (the Mixed Consideration). The stock portion of the Mixed Consideration was calculated based on the Series C Shares volume weighted average price on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ) measured on a cumulative basis over the 15 trading days ending on (and including) the third trading day prior to the effective time of the Merger, subject to a two-way collar detailed in the Merger Agreement.Common Voting Shares) and each Class A Common Share, par value $0.01 per share, of Scripps (the Class A Shares, and collectively with the Common Voting Shares, the Scripps Shares) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger (other than Shares held by Discovery and Merger Sub) was converted into the right to receive $65.82 in cash (as a result of Discoverys exercise of the cash top-up right), without interest, and 1.0584 shares of Discovery Series C common stock (Series C Shares) for each Scripps Share (the Mixed Consideration). The stock portion of the Mixed Consideration was calculated based on the Series C Shares volume weighted average price on the NASDAQ Global Select Market () measured on a cumulative basis over the 15 trading days ending on (and including) the third trading day prior to the effective time of the Merger, subject to a two-way collar detailed in the Merger Agreement.As previously disclosed, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, subject to the proration, allocation and other limitations set forth in the Merger Agreement and the election materials separately provided to the applicable holders of Scripps Shares, holders of Scripps Shares had the option to elect to receive, for each Scripps Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger (other than Shares held by Discovery and Merger Sub), (i) an amount in cash, without interest, based on the dollar value of the Mixed Consideration for each Share (the Cash Consideration), or (ii) a number of Series C Shares for each Share based on the dollar value of the Mixed Consideration (the Stock Consideration and, together with the Mixed Consideration and the Cash Consideration, the Merger Consideration).Cash Consideration), or (ii) a number of Series C Shares for each Share based on the dollar value of the Mixed Consideration (the Stock Consideration and, together with the Mixed Consideration and the Cash Consideration, the Merger Consideration).Based on the preliminary report provided on the closing date of the Merger by the election and exchange agent retained by Discovery in connection with the Merger, the election results with respect to the Merger Consideration were as follows:Holders of approximately 98,329,275 Scripps Shares outstanding (or 75.34%) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger elected to receive, or did not make a valid stock election or cash election before the election deadline and will by default receive, the Mixed Consideration.Holders of approximately 98,329,275 Scripps Shares outstanding (or 75.34%) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger elected to receive, or did not make a valid stock election or cash election before the election deadline and will by default receive, the Mixed Consideration.Holders of approximately 98,329,275 Scripps Shares outstanding (or 75.34%) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger elected to receive, or did not make a valid stock election or cash election before the election deadline and will by default receive, the Mixed Consideration.Holders of approximately 15,382,019 Scripps Shares outstanding (or 11.79%) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger elected to receive the Stock Consideration.Holders of approximately 15,382,019 Scripps Shares outstanding (or 11.79%) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger elected to receive the Stock Consideration.Holders of approximately 15,382,019 Scripps Shares outstanding (or 11.79%) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger elected to receive the Stock Consideration.Holders of approximately 16,802,694 Scripps Shares outstanding (or 12.87%) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger elected to receive the Cash Consideration.Holders of approximately 16,802,694 Scripps Shares outstanding (or 12.87%) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger elected to receive the Cash Consideration.Holders of approximately 16,802,694 Scripps Shares outstanding (or 12.87%) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger elected to receive the Cash Consideration.Because the stock election was oversubscribed, based on the preliminary report, holders of Scripps Shares who made a stock election will be subject to the proration procedures described in the Merger Agreement. No fractional Series C Shares are being issued and cash is being paid in lieu thereof.In accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, the Scripps equity awards were treated as follows:Each Scripps stock option (i) that had an exercise price equal to or greater than $90.00 per share terminated and was cancelled or (ii) that had an exercise price less than $90.00 per share, (a) for 30% of the Scripps stock options held by each holder, was converted into a fully-vested stock option of Discovery on substantially the same terms and conditions and (b) for 70% of the Scripps stock options held by each holder, was exchanged for cash equal to the product of (1) the number of Scripps Shares subject to the stock option and (2) $90.00, net of the applicable exercise price. Each Scripps stock option held by formerEach Scripps stock option (i) that had an exercise price equal to or greater than $90.00 per share terminated and was cancelled or (ii) that had an exercise price less than $90.00 per share, (a) for 30% of the Scripps stock options held by each holder, was converted into a fully-vested stock option of Discovery on substantially the same terms and conditions and (b) for 70% of the Scripps stock options held by each holder, was exchanged for cash equal to the product of (1) the number of Scripps Shares subject to the stock option and (2) $90.00, net of the applicable exercise price. Each Scripps stock option held by formerEach Scripps stock option (i) that had an exercise price equal to or greater than $90.00 per share terminated and was cancelled or (ii) that had an exercise price less than $90.00 per share, (a) for 30% of the Scripps stock options held by each holder, was converted into a fully-vested stock option of Discovery on substantially the same terms and conditions and (b) for 70% of the Scripps stock options held by each holder, was exchanged for cash equal to the product of (1) the number of Scripps Shares subject to the stock option and (2) $90.00, net of the applicable exercise price. Each Scripps stock option held by former3employees and non-employee directors was cancelled in exchange for the right to receive a lump sum cash payment.With respect to each award of Scripps restricted stock units that vested upon consummation of the transaction (i) 30% was converted into fully-vested restricted stock units of Discovery on substantially the same terms and conditions and (ii) 70% was exchanged for cash equal to the product of (a) the number of Scripps Shares subject to the restricted stock unit and (b) $90.00. Each award of Scripps restricted stock units that did not vest upon consummation of the Merger was converted into unvested restricted stock units of Discovery on substantially the same terms and conditions.With respect to each award of Scripps restricted stock units that vested upon consummation of the transaction (i) 30% was converted into fully-vested restricted stock units of Discovery on substantially the same terms and conditions and (ii) 70% was exchanged for cash equal to the product of (a) the number of Scripps Shares subject to the restricted stock unit and (b) $90.00. Each award of Scripps restricted stock units that did not vest upon consummation of the Merger was converted into unvested restricted stock units of Discovery on substantially the same terms and conditions.With respect to each award of Scripps restricted stock units that vested upon consummation of the transaction (i) 30% was converted into fully-vested restricted stock units of Discovery on substantially the same terms and conditions and (ii) 70% was exchanged for cash equal to the product of (a) the number of Scripps Shares subject to the restricted stock unit and (b) $90.00. Each award of Scripps restricted stock units that did not vest upon consummation of the Merger was converted into unvested restricted stock units of Discovery on substantially the same terms and conditions.Each Scripps phantom stock unit was converted into an amount in cash equal to $90.00.Each Scripps phantom stock unit was converted into an amount in cash equal to $90.00.Each Scripps phantom stock unit was converted into an amount in cash equal to $90.00.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the MergerAgreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Discoverys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation.


Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 30, 2018, DropCar, Inc., formerly known as WPCS International Incorporated (the Company), completed its business combination with DropCar, Inc. (Private DropCar) in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 6, 2017, as subsequently amended, by and among the Company, DC Acquisition Corporation (Merger Sub), and Private DropCar (as amended, the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Private DropCar, with Private DropCar surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger). On January 30, 2018, in connection with, and prior to the completion of, the Merger, the Company effected a 1:4 reverse stock split of its common stock (the Reverse Stock Split), and on January 30, 2018, immediately after completion of the Merger, the Company changed its name to DropCar, Inc. Following the completion of the Merger, the Company will operate with multiple lines of businesses, one of which operates in the emerging automotive support services market.Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Private DropCars stockholders, at an exchange ratio of 0.3273 shares of the Companys common stock, after taking into account the Reverse Stock Split, for each share of (i) Private DropCar common stock and preferred stock and (ii) Private DropCar warrants, in each case, outstanding immediately prior to the Merger. The exchange ratio was determined through arms-length negotiations between the Company and Private DropCar.Immediately after the Merger, there were 7,811,888 shares of the Companys common stock outstanding. Immediately after the Merger, the former securityholders of Private DropCar, together with Private DropCar advisors in connection with the Merger, Alpha Capital Anstalt and Palladium Capital Advisors, owned approximately 77.1% of the outstanding common stock of the Company, with the Companys stockholders immediately prior to the Merger owning approximately 22.9% of the outstanding common stock of the Company. Approximately 50% of the Companys common stock outstanding immediately after the Merger is held by stockholders party to lock-up agreements or dribble-out agreements, pursuant to which such stockholders have agreed, except in limited circumstances, not to sell or transfer, or engage in swap or similar transactions with respect to, certain shares of the Companys common stock, including, as applicable, shares received in the Merger and issuable upon exercise of certain warrants and options. The lock-up period varies from three months to one year.The shares of the Companys common stock issued to the former stockholders of Private DropCar were registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-220891) (the Registration Statement).The Companys shares of common stock listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, previously trading through the close of business on January 30, 2018 under the ticker symbol WPCS, commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market, on a post-Reverse Stock Split adjusted basis, under the ticker symbol DCAR on January 31, 2018. The Companys common stock has a new CUSIP number, 26210U 104.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement contained herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference.Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On December 24, 2018, DropCar, Inc. (the Company) completed the previously announced sale of WPCS International  Suisun City, Inc., a California corporation (WPCS), the Companys wholly-owned subsidiary, pursuant to the terms of a stock purchase agreement, dated December 10, 2018 (the Purchase Agreement) by and between the Company and World Professional Cabling Systems, LLC, a California limited liability company (the Purchaser). Upon the closing of the sale, the Purchaser acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, no par value per share, of WPCS, for an aggregate purchase price of $3,500,000.The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement is incomplete, and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Purchase Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.In connection with the sale of WPCS, on December 27, 2018, the Company issued a press release, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein.Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Item 2.01  Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn November 21, 2017, Energy Resources 12 Operating Company, LLC (Buyer), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Partnership, entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (Purchase Agreement) with Bruin E&P Non-Op Holdings, LLC (Seller), for the purchase of Sellers interest in certain non-operated oil and gas properties and the related rights, resulting in an approximate average 3.1% non-operated working interest in approximately 204 existing producing wells and approximately 547 future development locations, predominantly in McKenzie, Dunn, McLean and Mountrail counties of North Dakota (collectively, the Assets). The Buyer closed on the purchase of the Assets on February 1, 2018.The Assets are located in the Bakken Shale formation, including the Antelope, Spotted Horn, Squaw Creek and Reunion Bay fields. The Buyer will not be the operator of the Assets; the current, experienced operators will continue to operate on behalf of the Buyer and other working interest owners. The Bakken Shale and its close geologic cousin, the Three Forks Shale, are found in the Williston Basin, centered in North Dakota and are two of the largest oil fields in the U.S. While oil has been produced in North Dakota from the Williston Basin since the 1950s, it is only since 2007 through the application of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing technologies that the Bakken has seen an increase in production activities.Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the purchase price for the Assets was $87.5 million, subject to customary adjustments, and was funded by net proceeds of the Partnership's best-efforts offering, proceeds from the Partnership's $25 million term loan entered into on January 16, 2018 (see description of the term loan in the Partnership's Form 8-K dated January 16, 2018 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2018) and an advance from a member of Energy Resources 12 GP, LLC, the General Partner of the Partnership ("General Partner"), of $7.0 million. The advance does not bear interest and the member of the General Partner did not receive any compensation for the advance. The advance is planned to be repaid with future proceeds from the Partnership's ongoing public offering. In addition to the $87.5 million initial purchase price for the Assets, the Partnership anticipates that it may be obligated to invest an additional $70 to $75 million in drilling capital expenditures through 2023 to retain its working interest in the Assets without becoming subject to non-consent penalties under the joint operating agreements governing the Assets.The description of the Purchase Agreement set forth above is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Partnerships Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2017.Combined Statements of Revenues and Direct Operating Expenses for the Assets for the year ended December 31, 2016, and the nine months ended September 30, 2017, along with the Partnerships pro forma financial statements reflecting the acquisition of the Assets for the year ended December 31, 2016, and the nine months ending September 30, 2017, are included in Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Partnerships Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-216891.Item 2.01  Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn June 29, 2018, Energy Resources 12 Operating Company, LLC (Buyer), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Partnership, entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (Purchase Agreement) with Bruin E&P Non-Op Holdings, LLC (Seller), for the potential purchase (Acquisition No. 2) of Sellers interest in certain non-operated oil and gas properties and the related rights. On August 31, 2018, the Buyer closed on Acquisition No. 2, resulting in an approximate average 2.7% non-operated working interest in approximately 240 existing producing wells, 20 wells in various stages of drilling and completion, and additional future development locations, predominantly in McKenzie, Dunn, McLean and Mountrail counties of North Dakota (collectively, the Bakken Assets). With the closing of this acquisition, the Partnership owns an approximate average 5.4% non-operated working interest in the Bakken Assets. The original acquisition in the Bakken Assets from Seller closed on February 1, 2018 (Acquisition No. 1).The Bakken Assets are operated by 14 third-party operators on behalf of the Partnership and other working interest owners. The Bakken Assets are located in the Bakken Shale formation, including the Antelope, Spotted Horn, Squaw Creek and Reunion Bay fields. The Bakken Shale and its close geologic cousin, the Three Forks Shale, are found in the Williston Basin, centered in North Dakota and are two of the largest oil fields in the U.S. While oil has been produced in North Dakota from the Williston Basin since the 1950s, it is only since 2007 through the application of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing technologies that the Bakken has seen an increase in production activities.Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the purchase price for Acquisition No. 2 was $82.5 million, subject to customary adjustments, and was funded by net proceeds of the Partnership's best-efforts offering and proceeds from the Partnership's $60.0 million revolving credit facility entered into August 31, 2018 (see description of the revolving credit facility in Item 2.03 below). In addition to the $82.5 million initial purchase price of Acquisition No. 2, the Partnership anticipates that it may be obligated to invest an additional $110 to $120 million in drilling capital expenditures through 2023 to retain its approximate 5.4% working interest in the Bakken Assets without becoming subject to non-consent penalties under the joint operating agreements governing the Bakken Assets.The description of the Purchase Agreement set forth above is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Partnerships current report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2018.Combined Statements of Revenues and Direct Operating Expenses for the Bakken Assets for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the six months ended June 30, 2018, along with the Partnerships pro forma financial statements reflecting Acquisition No. 1 and Acquisition No. 2 for the year ended December 31, 2017, and the six months ending June 30, 2018, are included as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to this current report on Form 8-K.





Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The information set forth in the Introductory Note and in Items 3.03, 5.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.At the Effective Time, each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (Company Common Stock) (other than any shares owned by holders properly exercising appraisal rights under Florida law (Dissenting Shares) and certain shares of Company Common Stock held by the Companys founders and certain management shareholders (the Rollover Investors)) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive $49.25 in cash, without interest thereon (the Merger Consideration).Company Common Stock) (other than any shares owned by holders properly exercising appraisal rights under Florida law (Dissenting Shares) and certain shares of Company Common Stock held by the Companys founders and certain management shareholders (the Rollover Investors)) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive $49.25 in cash, without interest thereon (the Merger Consideration).Immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Rollover Investors contributed certain shares of their Company Common Stock, at a valuation equal to or less than $49.25 per share, in exchange for new equity securities of Parent.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Original Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 23, 2017, and Amendment No. 1 to Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2017, each of which is incorporated herein by reference.Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsEffective January 31, 2018, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Eagle), completed its previously announced merger (the Merger) with TwinCo, Inc. (TwinCo), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of September 5, 2017, by and among Eagle, Eagles wholly-owned subsidiary, Opportunity Bank of Montana, a Montana chartered commercial bank (Opportunity Bank), TwinCo and TwinCoss wholly-owned subsidiary, Ruby Valley Bank, a Montana chartered commercial bank (Ruby Valley). At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), TwinCo merged with and into Eagle, with Eagle continuing as the surviving corporation.Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, holders of TwinCo common stock prior to the Effective Time have the right to receive, at the election of the holder thereof: (1) a combination of $247.16 in cash and 11.1540 shares of Eagle common stock (the Mixed Election Consideration); (2) $449.38 in cash (the Cash Election Consideration); or (3) 24.7866 shares of Eagle common stock (the Stock Election Consideration, and together with the Cash Election Consideration and the Mixed Election Consideration, the Merger Consideration). The Merger Agreement contains customary proration procedures so that the aggregate amount of cash paid and shares of Eagle common stock issued in the Merger as a whole are equal to the total amount of cash and number of Eagle shares that would have been paid and issued if all TwinCo shareholders received the Mixed Election Consideration. Each outstanding share of Eagle common stock remains outstanding and is unaffected by the Merger.Immediately following the Effective Time, Ruby Valley merged with and into Opportunity Bank, with Opportunity Bank surviving and continuing its corporate existence under the name Opportunity Bank of Montana.The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.A copy of the press release issued by Eagle announcing the closing of the Merger is filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 26, 2018, EnerJex Resources, Inc. (EnerJex), a Nevada company, consummated the transactions contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated October 19, 2017, pursuant to which AgEagle Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of EnerJex, merged with and into AgEagle Aerial Systems, Inc., a privately held company organized under the laws of the state of Nevada (AgEagle Sub), with AgEagle Sub surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of EnerJex (the Merger). In connection with the Merger, EnerJex changed its name to AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. (the Company, we, our, or us) and AgEagle Sub changed its name to Eagle Aerial Systems, Inc. Our common stock will continue to trade on the NYSE American under its new symbol UAVS commencing on March 27, 2018. As a result of the Merger, through AgEagle Sub, we are now engaged in the business of designing, developing, producing, distributing and supporting technologically-advanced small unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs or drones) that we supply to the precision agriculture industry.Throughout this Current Report on Form 8-K, unless otherwise designated or the context suggests otherwise, all references to shares and per share price of the Company, reflect a 1-for-25 reverse stock split consummated on March 26, 2018 (the Reverse Split).Each share of common stock issued and outstanding and underlying options and warrants of AgEagle Sub outstanding immediately prior to the Merger was exchanged for 1.66 shares of Company common stock (the Exchange Ratio). As a result, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), 5,439,526 shares of AgEagle Subs capital stock, representing all currently outstanding common shares and all other debt or equity securities convertible into common shares (except options and warrants as described below) were automatically converted into 7,949,837 shares of Company common stock and 1,637.72 shares of the Companys Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock) convertible into 1,069,533 shares of Company common stock. In addition, at the Effective Time, 685,100 outstanding options and 500,000 warrants to purchase shares of AgEagle Sub common stock were assumed by EnerJex and converted into 1,134,829 options and 828,222 warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company.All holders of EnerJexs 10% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock) had their shares automatically converted into 896,640 shares of the Companys common stock. Simultaneously with the closing of the Merger, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock that held such shares on March 21, 2018 received all accrued but unpaid dividends prior to September 30, 2017 in additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued in lieu of a cash payment of the accrued and unpaid dividends prior to September 30, 2017 is equal to $0.25749 per share prior to the conversion of all shares of Series A Preferred Stock into Company common stock at a ratio of 10 to 1. The total number of additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued was 241,599. The holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock that were originally issued by the Company after September 30, 2017 are not be entitled to receive any dividends on those shares of Series A Preferred Stock.A total of 8.25 shares of EnerJexs Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock) convertible into 5,388 remain outstanding as of the Effective Time. Also, 621.86 shares of Series C Preferred Stock are now convertible into 406,112 shares of Company common stock, which shares of Series C Preferred Stock include the conversion and retirement of $425,000 in prior EnerJex promissory notes due and owing to an existing holder. Furthermore, an additional 4,626 shares of Series C Preferred Stock, convertible into 3,020,797 shares of Company common stock, were issued to the current holder of Series C Preferred Stock in connection with a $4 million financing of Series C Preferred Stock (the Financing), including a funding commitment equal to 2.5% of the outstanding Company common stock on a fully diluted basis. The Series C Preferred Stock includes a beneficial ownership limitation preventing conversion of shares of Series C Preferred Stock into more than 9.99% of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock.As of the Effective Time, the former shareholders of AgEagle Sub own approximately 67% of the Companys common stock (inclusive of the AgEagle Sub assumed stock options and warrants), the former EnerJex holders of common stock, the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock, which were outstanding immediately prior to the Financing, collectively own 12.7% of the Companys common stock on a fully-diluted basis.In connection with the Merger, AgEagle waived the requirement for EnerJex to have paid and satisfied in full all outstanding indebtedness of EnerJex such that there would be no continuing liabilities of EnerJex subsequent to the closing of the Merger (Liability Condition). In consideration for AgEagle waiving the Liability Condition, the 1,215,278 shares of common stock to be held in escrow (valued at $350,000) owned by certain former principal stockholders, officers and directors of EnerJex to secure losses, if any, that may be suffered by the AgEagle indemnified parties pursuant to the indemnification obligations under the Merger Agreement, were never issued and such former principal stockholders, officers and directors are not entitled to receive such shares. However, such former principal stockholders, officers and directors received, in the aggregate, deferred salaries and fees valued at approximately $297,500. In lieu of payment of the deferred salaries and fees in cash, such amounts have been converted into an aggregate of 1,032,986 shares of Company common stock.Prior to the Merger, EnerJex operated as an oil exploration and production company engaged in the acquisition, development, exploration and production of oil in Eastern Kansas. In connection with the Merger, EnerJex disposed of its principal assets, consisting primarily of its Kansas oil and gas properties.2Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure AgreementOn March 26, 2018, EnerJex and its subsidiaries, EnerJex Kansas, Inc., Black Raven Energy, Inc., Working Interest, LLC, Adena, LLC, Kansas Holdings, LLC, and Black Sable Energy, LLC (the "Subsidiaries"), Pass Creek Resources, LLC (Pass Creek) and Cortland Capital Market Services, LLC (Administrative Agent) entered into a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure Agreement whereby the Subsidiaries agreed to transfer to Pass Creek or entered into a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure Agreement whereby the Subsidiaries agreed to transfer to Pass Creek or its designees all of each Subsidiaries right, title, and interests in interest in the Properties in lieu of the parties defending against a foreclosure action and a collection action for the Loan.The Subsidiaries, EnerJex, Pass Creek and the Administrative Agent are parties to a certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 10, 2017 (the Original Credit Agreement), as amended by that certain First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 22, 2017 (the First Amendment, and together with the Original Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreement), pursuant to which Pass Creek extended a term loan to the Subsidiaries (the Loan). The principal and interest due on the Loan is approximately $5.2 million. EnerJex was removed as a Borrower under the Loan but entered into a Guaranty of Resources Carveouts. Pass Creek and EnerJex have settled all of EnerJexs obligations to Pass Creek and the Administrative Agent.In connection with the Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure Transaction, Administrative Agent and Pass Creek executed a release and covenant not to sue (the Release), with respect to EnerJex and the Subsidiaries. EnerJex also executed a promissory note with Pass Creek in the principal amount of $125,555.97. This promissory note bears interest at 5% per annum and principal and interest shall be paid monthly over a 12 month period.The Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure and the release and covenant not to sue are summaries of the documents and qualified in their entirety by the documents filed as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K.Organizational HistoryWe are headquartered in Neodesha, Kansas, and are a leading manufacturer of unmanned aerial vehicles focused on providing actionable data to the precision agriculture industry. AgEagle Sub was founded in 2010 by Bret Chilcott, its President and Chief Executive Officer, as Solutions by Chilcott, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company. In April 2015, Solutions by Chilcott was converted into a corporation and then merged into AgEagle, a newly-formed Nevada corporation.Our history is rooted in advanced composite parts manufacturing, first for commercial trucks and then as a vendor to the government manufacturing micro wind turbine blades. Around 2011, we also began applying our expertise in composite parts manufacturing on a research project at Kansas State University that was attempting to use model airplanes to monitor and analyze crops. After several months, Mr. Chilcott and KSU agreed to continue the commercialization phase of this project under the auspices of AgEagle, and in 2012, we completed the first prototype of our UAV. Over the next year, Mr. Chilcott traveled throughout the mid-western United States meeting with farmers and agronomists, compiling test data, operating history, market information, and then in early 2014, AgEagle sold its first commercial UAV.Our Products and ServicesWe design, produce, distribute and support technologically-advanced small unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs or drones) that we offer for sale commercially to the precision agriculture industry. Our first commercially available product was the AgEagle Classic which was followed shortly thereafter by the RAPID System. As we improved and matured our product we launched the RX-60 and subsequently our current product is the RX-48. In February 2016, we signed a worldwide distribution agreement with Raven Industries, Inc. (Raven) under which Raven will purchase the RX-60 and RX-48 for the agriculture markets for resale through their network of dealers worldwide. Raven and its network of dealers offer the RX-60 and RX-48 systems to the public, including a subscription for a software package that is provided by a third party. The first shipment of our RX-60 system to Raven occurred in March 2016.The success we have achieved with our products, which we believe has carried over into the new RX-48, stems from our ability to invent and deliver advanced solutions utilizing our proprietary technologies and trade secrets that help farmers, agronomists and other precision agricultural professionals operate more effectively and efficiently. Our core technological capabilities, developed over five years of innovation, include a lightweight laminated shell that allows the UAV platform to perform under challenging flying conditions, a camera with a Near Infrared (NIR) filter, a rugged foot launcher (RX-60), and high end software provided by third parties that automates drone flights and provides geo-referenced data.3Our UAV, often referred to as a flying wing, is an advanced fixed wing model UAV whose design is based upon the years of experience our management has with aircraft and composite parts construction. We design all of our UAVs to be man-portable, thereby allowing one person to launch and operate them through a hand-held control unit or tablet. All of our UAVs are electrically powered, weigh approximately four to six pounds fully loaded, are capable of flying over approximately 400 acres (roughly 60 minutes of airtime) per flight from their launch location, and are configured to carry a camera with our NIR filter that uses near infrared images to capture crop data. We believe that these characteristics make our UAVs well suited for providing a complete aerial view of a farmers field to help precisely identify crop health and field conditions faster than any other method available.Our UAVs were specifically designed to help farmers increase profits by pinpointing areas where nutrients or chemicals need to be applied, as opposed to traditional widespread land application processes, thus decreasing input costs and increasing yields. The RX-60 and RX-48 systems, were designed for busy agriculture professionals who do not have the time to process images on their computers, which some of our competitors require. Through a relationship with our strategic partner, our UAV can be programmed using a tablet device to overlay a flight path over a farmers specific crop area. The software can automatically take pictures from the camera, stitch the photos together through the cloud, and deliver a geo-referenced, high quality aerial map to the users desktop or tablet device using specialty precision agriculture software such as SST or SMS. The result is a prescription or zone map that can then be used on a field computer in a spray and precisely apply the amount of nutrients or chemicals required to continue or restore the production of healthy crops for farmers.Figure 1: AgEagle Prescription MapPartnership with RavenIn February 2016, we signed a worldwide, exclusive distribution agreement with Raven Industries. Under this initial three-year distribution agreement, Raven private labels and purchases our fixed wing UAVs, exclusively for the agriculture markets over the initial term, for resale through their network of Ag Retailers worldwide. Raven has the right to renew the agreement after the expiration of the initial term. In 2017, we amended our agreement with Raven to make it non-exclusive and to allow us to sell our products directly into the market. The agreement contains other standard termination provisions, covenants and warranties, as more fully set forth therein.4On the date we entered into the distribution agreement with Raven, we also simultaneously entered into a stock purchase agreement with Raven whereby we sold 200,000 shares of our common stock to Raven for an aggregate purchase price of $500,000. In connection with the financing, Raven was entitled to designate one director to serve on our board of directors. In March 2016, Raven exercised this right and we appointed Lindsay Edwards to the board. In addition, at any time until the consummation of the first public offering, Raven has the first right to participate in any offer or sale of new securities in an amount up to 50% of such securities that we may issue, which issuance excludes (a) shares or options to purchase shares under our Stock Option Plan, (b) securities upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities issued and outstanding as of the date of the stock purchase agreement and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement, during the term of the distribution agreement, Raven has a right of first refusal on any sale of all or substantially all of our assets or a sale of AgEagle in any transaction in which there is a change in control in the holders of a majority of the voting securities after the transaction, or on an exclusive license of all of our intellectual property.Raven is a publicly traded corporation (NASDAQ: RAVN) based in Sioux Falls, South Dakota that is a leading provider of precision agriculture products designed to reduce operating costs, decrease inputs and improve yields of farmers through their Applied Technology division.Agribotix  Data and SAAS AgreementsIn November 2017, AgEagle entered into a multi-agreement arrangement with Agribotix, LLC (Agribotix), headquartered in Boulder, Colorado, a leading agricultural information processing company providing actionable data to the agriculture industry. Agribotixs platform delivers agricultural intelligence to increase yields and profits using drone-enabled technologies. Agribotix was founded in 2013 by Dr. Tom McKinnon, its Chief Technology Officer.AgEagle believes that developing a strong working relationship with Agribotix will benefit AgEagle and its shareholders in developing important vertically integrated products and services. Agribotixs primary product is FarmLens, a subscription cloud analytics service that processes data, primarily collected with a drone such as AgEagles, and makes such data usable by farmers and agronomists. FarmLens is currently sold by Agribotix as a subscription and offered either standalone or in a bundle with major drone platforms manufactured by leading drone providers like AgEagle, DJI, and senseFly.Agribotix extends the reach of its FarmLens platform by partnering with and directly integrating into offerings by leading agricultural companies like John Deeres Operations Center and The Climate Corporations FieldView. To date, Agribotix has processed agricultural imagery for over 50 different crop types from over 50 countries around the world.The agreements reached between AgEagle and Agribotix include:Dealer Agreement whereby AgEagle appointed Agribotix as a non-exclusive dealer of AgEagles products on a worldwide, best efforts basis. The term of the agreement is for twelve months with marketing and sales commencing on or after January 1, 2018, and automatically renews for one-year periods unless otherwise terminated. Either party may terminate the agreement with 30 days written notice. Both parties agree to provide standard reporting and support services. Agribotix is required to maintain proper insurance and is obligated to standard confidentiality clauses. AgEagle has the right to audit Agribotix on an annual basis for its business under this agreement. Both parties agreed to standard indemnification clauses.Dealer Agreement whereby AgEagle appointed Agribotix as a non-exclusive dealer of AgEagles products on a worldwide, best efforts basis. The term of the agreement is for twelve months with marketing and sales commencing on or after January 1, 2018, and automatically renews for one-year periods unless otherwise terminated. Either party may terminate the agreement with 30 days written notice. Both parties agree to provide standard reporting and support services. Agribotix is required to maintain proper insurance and is obligated to standard confidentiality clauses. AgEagle has the right to audit Agribotix on an annual basis for its business under this agreement. Both parties agreed to standard indemnification clauses.Distribution and Resale Agreement whereby Agribotix appointed AgEagle as a non-exclusive distributor of Agribotix products and analytic services including FarmLens on a worldwide, best efforts basis. The term of the agreement is for twelve months and automatically renews for one-year periods unless otherwise terminated. Either party may terminate the agreement with 90 days written notice. Both parties agree to provide standard reporting and support services. AgEagle is required to maintain proper insurance and is obligated to standard confidentiality clauses. Both parties agree to standard indemnification clauses.Distribution and Resale Agreement whereby Agribotix appointed AgEagle as a non-exclusive distributor of Agribotix products and analytic services including FarmLens on a worldwide, best efforts basis. The term of the agreement is for twelve months and automatically renews for one-year periods unless otherwise terminated. Either party may terminate the agreement with 90 days written notice. Both parties agree to provide standard reporting and support services. AgEagle is required to maintain proper insurance and is obligated to standard confidentiality clauses. Both parties agree to standard indemnification clauses.5Exchange Agreement whereby, to further align interests between the parties, AgEagle has agreed to exchange shares of the Companys common stock it receives in the Merger equal to an aggregate value of $1,000,000 for 20% of the equity membership interests of Agribotix. This Exchange Agreement may be terminated by either party based on further due diligence of the parties, or in the instance that the Merger does not close. The shares of EnerJex that would be issued to Agribotix at the closing of the Merger would not affect the Merger exchange ratio, and therefore would not be additionally dilutive to EnerJex shareholders.Exchange Agreement whereby, to further align interests between the parties, AgEagle has agreed to exchange shares of the Companys common stock it receives in the Merger equal to an aggregate value of $1,000,000 for 20% of the equity membership interests of Agribotix. This Exchange Agreement may be terminated by either party based on further due diligence of the parties, or in the instance that the Merger does not close. The shares of EnerJex that would be issued to Agribotix at the closing of the Merger would not affect the Merger exchange ratio, and therefore would not be additionally dilutive to EnerJex shareholders.Consumer Products and ServicesUAV Market OverviewUnmanned aerial vehicles, or UAVs, have been in use for decades, whether it be a drone for military surveillance by the U.S. Government, a commercial UAV used to scan and survey property, or by hobbyists who fly their personal devices simply to get a different view of the world. All three of these examples fall under the same burgeoning industry, one that is increasing in number and effectiveness as aircrafts, sensors and automation technologies mature. As the potential benefits of UAV technology extend beyond its traditional military use, commercial customers have started to shift resources into the drone opportunity so as to reach levels of efficiency not previously experienced. Despite the obstacles the industry will continue to face and be required to maneuver through, the first operational rules for routine commercial use of UAVs went into effect on August 20, 2016. The current landscape and targeted industries in the UAV marketplace can be seen below:Figure 2: Industries in the UAV MarketplaceThe militarys use of drones are recognized and have been around for many years. The participants in this market are well entrenched at this point, with companies such as Boeing, Lockheed Martin and AeroVironment providing surveillance and attack drones to the U.S. military and Department of Defense. The growth of unmanned systems for military and civil use is projected to continue through the next decade. It is estimated that UAV spending in the civil market will increase substantially over the next decade, from $2.8 billion worldwide in 2017 to $11.8 billion in 2026, and the segment is expected to generate $73.5 billion over the next 10 years, according to The Teal Group. Commercial use is expected to be the fastest growing civil segment, rising more than twelvefold from $512 million in 2017 to $6.5 billion in 2026. This growth is forecasted to be fueled, in part, by the estimated $1.3 billion in investments in the sector by technology companies and venture capitalists since 2013.As compared to the relatively mature military drone sector, the hobbyist and consumer market has been growing steadily over the past five years. Market leaders include companies such as Dajiang Innovation Technology (DJI) and Parrot EPA with many smaller, lessor known companies jumping into the fray. Should consumers continue to adopt this technology, not only do we believe the industry will experience its projected growth, but it will provide for a significant number of purchasing options as competition increases.6The segment of the UAV industry that has received the most attention recently is the commercial market, which was brought into the spotlight in early 2015 when the FAA released its new proposed guidelines for commercial UAV use, and then in June 2016, when the FAA announced it had finalized the first operational rules for routine commercial use of UAVs. These rules went into effect on August 20, 2016. According to CB Insights, 2016 saw a record number of investments in the drone industry, topping $454 million across 100 transactions, due to venture firms and technology companies moving into the drone space with sizable investments. In Q1 of 2017, the sector saw a quarterly deals record of 32 investments worth $113 million giving 2017 a funding run-rate of 122 deals worth over $506 million, both new records. While regulatory uncertainty has kept many on the sidelines, the new clarity from the FAA has started to help investors get more comfortable. The primary segments in the commercial market, as seen in the above chart, include Precision Agriculture, Inspection/Surveillance, Mapping/Surveying, Film/Photo/Video and Public Safety/First Responders. AgEagle falls under the precision agriculture segment, which as an industry is relatively new and ripe with opportunity for those innovative solutions that solve todays current problems.Figure 3: Global UAV Investment HistoryPrecision Agriculture Industry OverviewPrecision agriculture is a farming management concept based on observing, measuring, and responding to inter and intra-field variability in crops. Over the years, as farmers have been increasingly under pressure to increase profit margins and comply with new governmental regulations, entrepreneurs have been searching for solutions that present the prospect of new operational efficiencies. This has led to a number of changes in the agricultural industry, with precision agriculture being recognized by some as one of the largest technological opportunities in agriculture since the introduction of hydraulics in the 1940s. As agriculture and technology companies realize the potential benefits from this new technology, many are introducing innovative products and services to the agriculture arena, focused on helping farmers capitalize upon this new found technology.7Precision agriculture technologies provide the information and systems that allow a farmer to optimize and customize the timing, amount, and placement of inputs (seed, fertilizer, pesticides, irrigation, etc.) for any given section of a field. This allows the farmer to produce the maximum yield from the entire field at the lowest possible cost. The concept has been enabled by technologies that include:Crop yield monitors mounted on GPS-equipped combines;Crop yield monitors mounted on GPS-equipped combines;variable rate technology, like seeders, sprayers, etc.;variable rate technology, like seeders, sprayers, etc.;an array of real-time vehicle mountable sensors that measure everything from chlorophyll levels to plant water status; andan array of real-time vehicle mountable sensors that measure everything from chlorophyll levels to plant water status; andmulti- and hyper-spectral aerial and satellite imagery, from which products like Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) maps can be made.multi- and hyper-spectral aerial and satellite imagery, from which products like Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) maps can be made.The total value of U.S. crops in 2014 was estimated at $195 billion. While 2015 and 2016 saw slight downturns due to commodity pricing, even a modest improvement in yield would have a substantial aggregate economic impact for the roughly $200 billion industry. There are a few trends that drive where we believe the precision agriculture marketplace is heading: the increased use of auto steering and variable rate controls for inputs, advanced sensors and Big Data, the push into the food and grocery industry by WalMart and Amazon, and customers who are realizing their return on investment.The first trend is possibly the most important. Guidance and auto steering have provided farmers with significant benefits by reducing costly application overlaps by field equipment. This, combined with variable rate application equipment, will allow farmers to break their fields into specific sections based on criteria such as soil type and historical yield. With this information available on a section by section basis, farmers are then able to minimize their costs and increase profitability across the farm as a whole.However, we believe it is the data behind the equipment that is going to drive the ag industry forward. Advanced sensors and filters allow the farmer to not only view weather and soil data, but through use of a device such as a drone, it would allow that information to be coupled with real time plant health data for in-depth analysis. This analysis supports real time predictive decision-making to drive costs lower and improve crop yields.Finally, as farmers have begun to adopt this new technology, we believe the returns on their investments are beginning to materialize. By having this increased functionality and the expanded offerings of precision agriculture devices, integrated software, analytics, and cloud services, the hope is that the adoption rates of these new solutions continue to grow over the coming years.Figure 4: AgEagle Crop Health MapFigure 4: AgEagle Crop Health Map8As the demographic for farmers shift to a younger, more technologically-minded group, many are forecasting an increase in the rate of growth of precision agriculture. A current estimate of the precision agriculture market by Markets and Markets projects a roughly $7.9 billion global marketplace by 2022, with an estimated compound annual growth rate of 13.5% from 2016 to 2022. The growth rate outside the U.S., including developing countries where the need to improve productivity is even greater, is expected to be higher. More companies, ranging from large public companies (e.g., Monsanto (biotech, seeds, chemicals) and John Deere (equipment)), to small privately owned or venture backed companies, are expected to begin focusing on this opportunity with the goal of providing specialty farm management software, cloud services, sensors, data analytics, and even drone imaging services.Precision Agriculture UAV MarketWhile precision agriculture is beginning to transform traditional farming methods, we believe that the commercial UAV market is strategically placed to play a substantial role in this transformation. UAVs have many commercial applications, as described above, and many industry experts now expect one of the biggest impacts to be on the agriculture industry. Drone technology, if executed properly, can make farming more efficient, lower operating costs and reduce farmings environmental impact. Current estimates from Zion Market Research expect the industry for drones used in agriculture to reach more than $3.0 billion by 2021, up from approximately $674 million in 2015. These estimates are in spite of the ban that was previously in place by the FAA prior to the announcement in June 2016 that the FAA finalized the first operational rules for routine commercial use of UAVs, which went into effect on August 20, 2016.The use of drones for agriculture can add real time high definition imagery collected on demand to help farmers see what is happening in the field without having to walk through the field. UAVs costs a fraction of what an airplane or a satellite costs, and at the same time, they can provide a superior set of images with a potential resolution equivalent of taking a picture while standing next to the plant. These small, unmanned rotary and fixed wing aircrafts can fly at low altitudes and be programmed to fly a certain pattern using a variety of software. They can take high definition images with visual and multi spectral cameras, providing specific plant health information in real time. This new imagery would need to be integrated with all the other data a farmer collects to increase productivity. Successful entrants in the UAV space will be the ones who can integrate the existing data and the science of agronomy into the images through partnering or acquisitions.Market SizeWe believe that the precision agriculture sector of the UAV market presents robust opportunities for our products. The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) projects that the world will require 70% more food production by 2050 in order to keep up with population growth. That number is nearly 100% when looking at just developing counties. To accomplish this, the agriculture sector will need to become more efficient, producing an average of 250 bushels per acre (bpa), possibly as much as 300, from the approximately 200 bpa that are currently produced. Farmers and agronomists are seeking ways to increase yields while lowering input costs and overall environmental impact of chemicals and water consumption. In collaboration with the precision agriculture products already available today, we believe our UAVs can help to accomplish this goal with the actionable data we provide them.Recent estimates from a report published by Goldman Sachs in March 2016 further estimates the total addressable market for precision agriculture to be $1.4 billion in the U.S. and $5.9 billion globally over the next five years. Such market size translates to approximately 47,000 UAV units in the U.S. and 197,400 UAV units around the world. In addition, Goldman Sachs suggests that the commercial UAV industry has a $21 billion total addressable market with an estimated triple-digit compound annual growth rate from 2016 to 2020.Other research firms have published their estimates for the precision agriculture market over the last couple years as well. PricewaterhouseCoopers pegs the addressable market for agriculture drones to be worth $32.4 billion, second only to the infrastructure sector. Global Market Insights sees the market surpassing $1.0 billion by 2024, with global shipments exceeding 200,000 UAV units by 2024. Markets and Markets expects the agriculture drone market to grow from $864 million in 2016 to $4.2 billion in 2022, representing a 30%+ CAGR during that period.9Our Growth StrategyWe intend to grow our business by establishing our leadership position in the growing precision agriculture marketplace for UAVs through our partnership with Raven and through direct sales, and by creating new, easier to use and higher value products that enable us to remain a leading platform available to our customers. We may also elect to pursue additional opportunities in different industries outside of agriculture and its related areas. Key components of this strategy include the following:Build a strong worldwide distribution network with Raven and organically to offer a best-in-class precision ag platform.We believe we can establish our flying wing product and systems as leading technologies in the precision agriculture marketplace. Under Ravens distribution platform, we will have access to dealers and customers in key agricultural regions worldwide, which will help make it possible for farmers in those markets to have access to the AgEagle platform. Ravens distributors are spread across six continents, covering a majority of the worlds major regions including the U.S., Canada, South America, Eastern and Western Europe, Southeast Asia, and Oceania. We are also building our own distribution channels in parallel with Raven, both in the US and internationally.Continue to explore partnerships with companies that can expand our offerings.We intend to expand our product offerings by building relationships, partnerships and possibly acquisitions of companies that have vertical, synergistic technologies. Our first venture into this concept has been and will continue to be to work with Raven to integrate our UAV system with its current precision agriculture products in order to connect the data and improve the effectiveness and efficiency of this data for farmers. In addition, other technology alliances may include the acquisition or development of other electronics, software, sensors or more advanced aerial platforms. We are constantly meeting and in discussions with groups that could fill these roles and help with additional development ideas. We see the potential to acquire such synergistic companies to be an exciting potential growth strategy for AgEagle, especially as the number of companies in the market start to consolidate over the coming years.Deliver new and innovative solutions in the precision ag space.Our research and development efforts are the foundation of AgEagle and we plan to continue to invest in R&D. We plan to continue innovating new and enhanced products that enable us to satisfy our customers through better, more capable products and services, both in response to and in anticipation of their needs. We believe that by investing in research and development we can be a leader in delivering innovative products that address market needs within our current target markets, enabling us to create new opportunities for growth.Pursue the expansion of the AgEagle platform of products into other industries besides agriculture.We may investigate and pursue opportunities outside of agriculture as we continue to expand and grow the AgEagle platform. We are confident in the UAV product we have today, and believe that this product could provide other industries the same kind of optimization we are currently providing the agriculture industry. These industries have yet to be identified by the AgEagle team, but may include verticals such as land surveying and scanning, insurance, inspections and search and rescue.Competitive StrengthsWe believe the following attributes and capabilities provide us with long-term competitive advantages:10Partnership with Raven. Our partnership with Raven has provided and will continue to provide broader access to our products for customers around the world through Raven and its network of dealers. Raven is a leading provider of precision agricultural products in the world, with a loyal customer base and global outreach. We will work together with Raven to provide actionable data to assist customers in making informed input and variable rate decisions. We also intend to capitalize on Ravens expertise and knowledge within the precision agriculture industry to continue improving and advancing our products offerings.Proprietary Technology and Trade Secrets. We believe our unique design and assembly process differentiates our product from our competitors. We are confident that our UAVs are industry-leading in durability due to the lightweight laminated shell of the wing, which is made using a proprietary manufacturing process developed by our founder over five years of innovating. This process, which hardens the material used to build the shell, allows the UAV to perform in harsh weather conditions (with wind speeds up to 30 miles per hour) and bring itself to an unassisted landing, all at a total weight of about four to six pounds. This design is an important trade secret and we have non-disclosure agreements with our employees in order to keep it unique to AgEagle.Product Has Global Appeal. We believe that our technology addresses a need for better data in the agriculture industry worldwide. With our new global distribution platform, we believe that we are well-positioned for our advanced products to be a viable solution for farmers worldwide.Increased Margins for Farmers. We believe our UAVs will directly enhance margins of our customers by reducing the amount of nutrients and chemicals needed to manage their farms. The software equipped on our UAVs will deliver a high-quality aerial map upon completion of the flight, allowing the user to accurately identify the specific areas that are malnourished. This software is compatible with precision applicator tractors, which assist users in applying a precise amount of nutrients in only the necessary areas.Empower Customers Through Our Self-Serve Platform. Our UAVs are specially designed to provide users with a portable and easy to operate device, which can be controlled with a hand-held unit or tablet. The UAVs are equipped with a camera and near infrared filter whose images provide a holistic aerial view of the fields along with meaningful data that is uploaded and delivered to the user within a very short time frame. As a result, this platform allows users to quickly detect any issues in their fields, which enables them to address such issues in a timely manner before any damage, or further damage affects their fields.All Manufacturing of our Products is Completed in the United States. As of today, we manufacture all of our products at our manufacturing facility in Neodesha, Kansas, which allows us to avoid many of the potential difficulties that may arise if our manufacturing facilities were otherwise located outside the U.S. In addition, all of our research and development activities are performed in the U.S.Government RegulationOur products are subject to regulations of the FAA. On June 21, 2016, the FAA announced it has finalized the first operational rules for routine commercial use of small UAS, which for purposes of the regulations are unmanned aircraft weighing less than 55 pounds that are conducting non-hobbyist operations. UAS operators-for-hire will have to pass a written test and be vetted by the TSA, but no longer need to be airplane pilots as current law requires. The rules went into effect on August 20, 2016. Among other things, the new regulations require:preflight inspection by the remote pilot in command;preflight inspection by the remote pilot in command;minimum weather visibility of 3 miles from the control station;minimum weather visibility of 3 miles from the control station;visual line-of-sight to the aircraft from the pilot and person manipulating the controls;visual line-of-sight to the aircraft from the pilot and person manipulating the controls;prohibit flying the aircraft over any persons not directly participating in the operation, not under a covered structure or not inside a covered stationary vehicle;prohibit flying the aircraft over any persons not directly participating in the operation, not under a covered structure or not inside a covered stationary vehicle;daylight or civil twilight operations (30 minutes before official sunrise to 30 minutes after official sunset, local time);daylight or civil twilight operations (30 minutes before official sunrise to 30 minutes after official sunset, local time);maximum groundspeed of 100 mph (87 knots); andmaximum groundspeed of 100 mph (87 knots); andmaximum altitude of 400 feet above ground level or, if higher than 400 feet above ground level, the aircraft must remain within 400 feet of a structure.maximum altitude of 400 feet above ground level or, if higher than 400 feet above ground level, the aircraft must remain within 400 feet of a structure.11The new regulations also establish a remote pilot in command position. A person operating a small unmanned aircraft must either hold a remote pilot airman certificate with a small unmanned aircraft system rating or be under the direct supervision of a person who does hold a remote pilot certificate (remote pilot in command). A pilots license is no longer required. To qualify for a remote pilot certificate, a person must: demonstrate aeronautical knowledge by either passing an initial aeronautical knowledge test at an FAA-approved knowledge testing center, or hold a part 61 pilot certificate other than student pilot, complete a flight review within the previous 24 months, and complete a small UAS online training course provided by the FAA. The person must also be vetted by the TSA and be at least 16 years old. Applicants will obtain a temporary remote pilot certificate upon successful completion of TSA security vetting. The FAA anticipates that it will be able to issue a temporary remote pilot certificate within 10 business days after receiving a completed remote pilot certificate application.The regulations do not require the use of a visual observer. In addition, FAA airworthiness certification is not required. However, the remote pilot in command must conduct a preflight check of the small UAS to ensure that it is in a condition for safe operation.Most of the restrictions can be waived by the FAA if the applicant demonstrates that his or her operation can safely be conducted under the terms of a certificate of waiver. The FAA maintains an online portal where a company or individual can apply for a certificate of waiver.ManufacturingAs of today, we manufacture all of our products at our manufacturing facility in Neodesha, Kansas. We believe our current facilities are sufficient to adapt to our growth plans for the next two to three years and we have no current plans to expand our manufacturing capabilities.SuppliersCurrently, we have strong relationships established with companies that provide many of the parts and services necessary to construct our advanced fixed wing product, such as Botlink, GoPro and 3DR. We have relationships with these suppliers and hope to continue to build and find new relationships from which we can source cheaper and better supplies to stay ahead of the needs of the market.Our flight planning and photo stitching software is provided by Botlink, a private company in North Dakota. We have worked closely with Botlink to optimize their software to work with our platforms. We consider our relationship with Botlink to be good; however, a loss of this relationship could have a materially adverse effect on our product offerings and results of operations.Research and DevelopmentResearch and development activities are integral to our business and we follow a disciplined approach to investing our resources to create new technologies and solutions. A fundamental part of this approach is a well-defined screening process that helps us identify commercial opportunities that support current desired technological capabilities in the precision agriculture space. Our research includes the expansion of our wing products so as to build a portfolio of UAVs, as well as other solutions to problems with which agriculture professionals struggle.EmployeesAs of December 31, 2017, we had a total of 5 employees. We tend to increase the number of employees during the grow season in the U.S. which runs from May to September. We have not experienced a work stoppage since we commenced operations. None of our employees are represented by employee union(s). We believe relations with all of our employees are good.Legal ProceedingsFrom time to time, we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. We may become involved in material legal proceedings in the future.PropertyWe have one leased facility located at 117 South 4th Street, Neodesha, Kansas 66757. This serves as the corporate headquarters and manufacturing facility. The facility is a lease of 4,000 square feet at a cost of $200 per month. Monthly rent increases by $100 every year until the expiration of the lease in 2018.Executive OfficeOur principal executive offices are located at 117 S. 4th Street, Neodesha, Kansas 66757 and its telephone number is (620) 325-6363. Our website address is http://www.ageagle.com. The information contained on or connected to our website is expressly not incorporated by reference into this Current Report on Form 8-K.http://www.ageagle.com12Risk FactorsWe may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger.The success of the Merger will depend on, among other things, the combined companys ability to achieve its business objectives, including the successful development of its products. If we are not able to achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the Merger may not be realized fully, may take longer to realize than expected, or may not be realized at all.Prior to the consummation of the Merger, EnerJex and AgEagle operated independently. Any delays in the integration process or inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits of the Merger could have an adverse effect on the business prospects and results of operations of the combined company. Such an adverse effect may impact the value of the shares of the combined companys common stock after the completion of the Merger.Potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include the following:using the combined companys cash and other assets efficiently to develop the business of the combined company;using the combined companys cash and other assets efficiently to develop the business of the combined company;potential unknown or currently unquantifiable liabilities associated with the Merger and the operations of the combined company; andpotential unknown or currently unquantifiable liabilities associated with the Merger and the operations of the combined company; andperformance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of managements attention that was caused by completing the Merger.performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of managements attention that was caused by completing the Merger.We will incur losses for the foreseeable future and might never achieve profitability.We may never become profitable. We will need substantial funding and product development is an expensive and uncertain process. That, together with projected general and administrative expenses, is expected to result in increased operating losses. Even if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis.Our management will be required to devote substantial time to comply with public company regulations.We will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses related to being a public company. The rules implemented by the SEC and the NYSE American, impose various requirements on public companies, including those related to corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these requirements. Certain members of our management, post-Merger, do not have experience in addressing these requirements.13Risks Related to Our Business and IndustryWe have a limited operating history and there can be no assurance that we can achieve or maintain profitability.Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, AgEagle Sub, we have been operating for approximately eight years. However, AgEagle Sub has only been in the UAV business for half of that time. We are currently in the business development stage and have limited commercial sales of our products and, accordingly, we cannot guarantee that we will become profitable. Moreover, even if we achieve profitability, given the competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may be unable to sustain or increase profitability and its failure to do so would adversely affect its business, including its ability to raise additional funds.We will need substantial additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay, curtail or eliminate one or more of our research and development programs or commercialization efforts.Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on product development. We will require additional funds to support continued research and development activities, as well as the costs of commercializing, marketing and selling any new products resulting from those research and development activities. We have based this estimate, however, on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could spend available financial resources much faster than we currently expect.Until such time, if ever, that we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue and achieve profitability, we expect to seek to finance future cash needs through equity or debt financings or corporate collaboration and strategic arrangements. We currently have no other commitments or agreements relating to any of these types of transactions and cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may have to delay, curtail or eliminate commercializing, marketing and selling one or more of our products.Product development is a long, expensive and uncertain process.The development of both UAV software and hardware is a costly, complex and time-consuming process, and investments in product development often involve a long wait until a return, if any, can be achieved on such investment. We might face difficulties or delays in the development process that will result in our inability to timely offer products that satisfy the market, which might allow competing products to emerge during the development and certification process. We anticipate making significant investments in research and development relating to our products and services, but such investments are inherently speculative and require substantial capital expenditures. Any unforeseen technical obstacles and challenges that we encounter in the research and development process could result in delays in or the abandonment of product commercialization, may substantially increase development costs, and may negatively affect our results of operations.Successful technical development of our products does not guarantee successful commercialization.Although we have successfully completed the technical development of our two original UAV systems, as well as the new RX-60 and RX-48 systems, we may still fail to achieve commercial success for a number of reasons, including, among others, the following:failure to obtain the required regulatory approvals for their use;failure to obtain the required regulatory approvals for their use;prohibitive production costs;prohibitive production costs;competing products;competing products;rapid evolvement of the product due to new technologies;rapid evolvement of the product due to new technologies;lack of product innovation;lack of product innovation;unsuccessful distribution and marketing through our sales channels;unsuccessful distribution and marketing through our sales channels;insufficient cooperation from our supply and distribution partners; andinsufficient cooperation from our supply and distribution partners; andproduct development that does not align with or meet customer needs.product development that does not align with or meet customer needs.14Our success in the market for the products and services we develops will depend largely on our ability to properly demonstrate their capabilities. Upon demonstration, our platform of systems may not have the capabilities they were designed to have or that we believed they would have. Furthermore, even if we do successfully demonstrate our products capabilities, potential customers may be more comfortable doing business with a competitor, or may not feel there is a significant need for the products we develop. As a result, significant revenue from our current and new product investments may not be achieved for a number of years, if at all.If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, we could lose our ability to compete in the marketplace.Our intellectual property and proprietary rights are important to our ability to remain competitive and successful in the development of our products and our business. Patent protection can be limited and not all intellectual property can be patented. We expect to rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws as well as confidentiality agreements and procedures, non-competition agreements and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property, other proprietary rights and our brand. As we currently do not have any granted patent, trademark or copyright protections, we must rely on trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements, which provide limited protections. Our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by third parties. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or other trade secrets by employees or competitors.Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop technologies and products that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technologies and products, which could result in decreased revenues. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial costs to us and substantial diversion of management attention. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, our competitors could use it to enhance their products. Our inability to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business and financial condition, and the value of our brand and other intangible assets.Other companies may claim that we infringe on their intellectual property, which could materially increase our costs and harm our ability to generate future revenue and profit.We do not believe that our technologies infringe on the proprietary rights of any third party, but claims of infringement are becoming increasingly common and third parties may assert infringement claims against us. It may be difficult or impossible to identify, prior to receipt of notice from a third party, the trade secrets, patent position or other intellectual property rights of a third party, either in the United States or in foreign jurisdictions. Any such assertion may result in litigation or may require us to obtain a license for the intellectual property rights of third parties. If we are required to obtain licenses to use any third party technology, we would have to pay royalties, which may significantly reduce any profit on our products. In addition, any such litigation could be expensive and disruptive to its ability to generate revenue or enter into new market opportunities. If any of our products were found to infringe other parties proprietary rights and we are unable to come to terms regarding a license with such parties, we may be forced to modify our products to make them non-infringing or to cease production of such products altogether.The nature of our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance or indemnification.We have developed and sold products and services in circumstances where insurance or indemnification may not be available; for example, in connection with the collection and analysis of various types of information. In addition, our products and services raise questions with respect to issues of civil liberties, intellectual property, trespass, conversion and similar concepts, which may create legal issues. Indemnification to cover potential claims or liabilities resulting from the failure of any technologies that we develop or deploy may be available in certain circumstances but not in others. Currently, the unmanned aerial systems industry lacks a formative insurance market. We may not be able to maintain insurance to protect against all operational risks and uncertainties that our customers confront. Substantial claims resulting from an accident, product failure, or personal injury or property liability arising from our products and services in excess of any indemnity or insurance coverage (or for which indemnity or insurance coverage is not available or is not obtained) could harm our financial condition, cash flows and operating results. Any accident, even if fully covered or insured, could negatively affect our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively.15We may incur substantial product liability claims relating to our products.As a manufacturer of UAV products, and with aircraft and aviation sector companies under increased scrutiny, claims could be brought against us if use or misuse of one of our UAV products causes, or merely appears to have caused, personal injury or death. In addition, defects in our products may lead to other potential life, health and property risks. Any claims against us, regardless of their merit, could severely harm our financial condition, strain our management and other resources. We are unable to predict if we will be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance for any products that may be approved for marketing.If we are unable to recruit and retain key management, technical and sales personnel, our business would be negatively affected.For our business to be successful, we need to attract and retain highly qualified technical, management and sales personnel. The failure to recruit additional key personnel when needed, with specific qualifications, on acceptable terms and with an ability to maintain positive relationships with our partners, might impede our ability to continue to develop, commercialize and sell our products and services. To the extent the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher labor, recruiting and training costs in order to attract and retain such employees. The loss of any members of our management team may also delay or impair achievement of our business objectives and result in business disruptions due to the time needed for their replacements to be recruited and become familiar with our business. We face competition for qualified personnel from other companies with significantly more resources available to them and thus may not be able to attract the level of personnel needed for our business to succeed.If our proposed marketing efforts are unsuccessful, we may not earn enough revenue to become profitable.Our future growth depends on our gaining market acceptance and regular production orders for our products and services. While we believe we will have an advantage in the marketplace during the term of our strategic partnership with Raven, we will need to heavily invest in marketing resources for the successful implementation of our marketing plan. Our marketing plan includes attendance at trade shows, making private demonstrations, advertising, promotional materials and advertising campaigns in print and/or broadcast media. In the event we are not successful in obtaining a significant volume of orders for our products and services, we will face significant obstacles in expanding our business. We cannot give any assurance that our marketing efforts will be successful. If they are not, revenue may not be sufficient to cover our fixed costs and we may not become profitable.Our operating margins may be negatively impacted by reduction in sales or products sold.Expectations regarding future sales and expenses are largely fixed in the short term. We maintain raw materials and finished goods at a volume we feel is necessary for anticipated distribution and sales. Therefore, we may not be able to reduce costs in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected shortfalls between forecasted and actual sales.16We face a significant risk of failure because we cannot accurately forecast our future revenues and operating results.The rapidly changing nature of the markets in which we compete makes it difficult to accurately forecast our revenues and operating results. Furthermore, we expect our revenues and operating results to fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors, including the following:the timing of sales of our products;the timing of sales of our products;unexpected delays in introducing new products;unexpected delays in introducing new products;increased expenses, whether related to sales and marketing, or administration; andincreased expenses, whether related to sales and marketing, or administration; andcosts related to possible acquisitions of businesses.costs related to possible acquisitions of businesses.Rapid technological changes may adversely affect the market acceptance of our products and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.The market in which we compete is subject to technological changes, introduction of new products, change in customer demands and evolving industry standards. Our future success will depend upon our ability to keep pace with technological developments and to timely address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our customers by supporting existing and new technologies and by developing and introducing enhancements to our current products and new products. We may not be successful in developing and marketing enhancements to our products that will respond to technological change, evolving industry standards or customer requirements. In addition, we may experience difficulties internally or in conjunction with key vendors and partners that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction and sale of such enhancements and such enhancements may not adequately meet the requirements of the market and may not achieve any significant degree of market acceptance. If release dates of our new products or enhancements are delayed or, if when released, they fail to achieve market acceptance, our business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected.Our products are subject to regulations of the Federal Aviation Administration (the FAA).In August 2016, regulations from the FAA relating to the commercial use of UAVs in the United States became law. As a result, users of systems like ours are only required to take a knowledge exam at an approved FAA testing station similar to an automobile drivers license exam. Prior to the new law, users had to hold a pilots license, have an observer present and file various documents before flights. We saw a decrease in revenues of approximately 52% during 2016, which we believe may have been partially due to the uncertainty of the FAA regulations prior to the enactment of the new law. In the event new FAA rules or regulations are promulgated or current rules are revised that may negatively affect commercial usage of our UAVs, such rules and laws could adversely disrupt our operations and overall sales.Our future results may be affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings and legal compliance risks, including those involving product liability, antitrust, intellectual property, environmental, regulations of the FAA, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery, anti-corruption, or other matters.The outcome of any future legal proceedings may differ from our expectations because the outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to reliably predict. Various factors or developments can lead us to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables where applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling, settlement or unfavorable development could result in future charges that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in any particular period. We are not currently involved in or subject to any such legal or regulatory proceedings, but we cannot guarantee that such proceedings may not occur in the future.17If we do not receive the governmental approvals necessary for the sales or export of our products, or if our products are not compliant in other countries, our sales may be negatively impacted. Similarly, if our suppliers and partners do not receive government approvals necessary to export their products or designs to us, our revenues may be negatively impacted and we may fail to implement our growth strategy.A license may be required in the future to initiate marketing activities. We may also be required to obtain a specific export license for any hardware exported. We may not be able to receive all the required permits and licenses for which we may apply in the future. If we do not receive the required permits for which we apply, our revenues may be negatively impacted. In addition, if government approvals required under these laws and regulations are not obtained, or if authorizations previously granted are not renewed, our ability to export our products could be negatively impacted, which may have a negative impact on our revenues and a potential material negative impact on our financial results.Our global distribution agreement with Raven leaves open the possibility that we may be left without an effective distribution platform in the event the Raven agreement is terminated or is not renewed upon completion of the initial term of the agreement.In the event our agreement with Raven is terminated or modified, whether by triggering an early termination or reaching the completion of the initial term, we may be left without an effective platform through which we can immediately distribute our products. If there is an early termination, this could substantially impact the global rollout and market acceptance of our products. This may result in our business, operating results and financial condition being adversely affected.Currently, Raven has a non-exclusive worldwide right to distribute our products in the agriculture market. Our agreement with Raven covers our fixed wing product, with a right of first opportunity for us to provide multirotor and other format UAVs. If we cannot provide such extended product offerings, Raven may use other suppliers for such requirements, which would compete with our market share.As of December 31, 2017, three UAVs were returned and approximately twenty-one units have been converted to include components from the newer models. At this time we have determined that all the U.S. former dealers based on their right of return clause have been properly account for and completed therefore no expense was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2017 and there is no remaining liability.We may pursue additional strategic transactions in the future, which could be difficult to implement, disrupt our business or change our business profile significantly.We intend to consider additional potential strategic transactions, which could involve acquisitions of businesses or assets, joint ventures or investments in businesses, products or technologies that expand, complement or otherwise relate to our current or future business. We may also consider, from time to time, opportunities to engage in joint ventures or other business collaborations with third parties to address particular market segments. Should our relationships fail to materialize into significant agreements or should we fail to work efficiently with these companies, we may lose sales and marketing opportunities and its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.These activities, if successful, create risks such as, among others: (i) the need to integrate and manage the businesses and products acquired with our own business and products; (ii) additional demands on our resources, systems, procedures and controls; (iii) disruption of our ongoing business; and (iv) diversion of managements attention from other business concerns. Moreover, these transactions could involve: (a) substantial investment of funds or financings by issuance of debt or equity securities; (b) substantial investment with respect to technology transfers and operational integration; and (c) the acquisition or disposition of product lines or businesses. Also, such activities could result in one-time charges and expenses and have the potential to either dilute the interests of our existing shareholders or result in the issuance of, or assumption of debt. Such acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or other business collaborations may involve significant commitments of financial and other resources. Any such activities may not be successful in generating revenue, income or other returns, and any resources we committed to such activities will not be available to us for other purposes. Moreover, if we are unable to access the capital markets on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to consummate acquisitions, or may have to do so on the basis of a less than optimal capital structure. Our inability to take advantage of growth opportunities or address risks associated with acquisitions or investments in businesses may negatively affect our operating results.18Additionally, any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets acquired in an acquisition or in an investment, or charges to earnings associated with any acquisition or investment activity, may materially reduce our earnings. Future acquisitions or joint ventures may not result in their anticipated benefits and we may not be able to properly integrate acquired products, technologies or businesses with our existing products and operations or successfully combine personnel and cultures. Failure to do so could deprive us of the intended benefits of those acquisitions.Breaches of network or information technology security could have an adverse effect on our business.Cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or IT security may cause equipment failures or disrupt our systems and operations. We may be subject to attempts to breach the security of our networks and IT infrastructure through cyber-attack, malware, computer viruses and other means of unauthorized access. The potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. Our inability to operate our facilities as a result of such events, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses or loss of market share to other competitors in the defense electronics market. In addition, a failure to protect the privacy of customer and employee confidential data against breaches of network or IT security could result in damage to our reputation. To date, we have not been subject to cyber-attacks or other cyber incidents which, individually or in the aggregate, resulted in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.The preparation of our financial statements involves use of estimates, judgments and assumptions, and our financial statements may be materially affected if our estimates prove to be inaccurate.Financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States require the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Different estimates, judgments, and assumptions reasonably could be used that would have a material effect on the financial statements, and changes in these estimates, judgments, and assumptions are likely to occur from period to period in the future. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions are inherently uncertain, and, if they prove to be wrong, then we face the risk that charges to income will be required.Our results could be adversely affected by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, or other catastrophic events.Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, and other adverse weather and climate conditions; unforeseen public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics; political crises, such as terrorist attacks, war, labor unrest, and other political instability; or other catastrophic events, such as disasters occurring at our manufacturing facilities, could disrupt our operations or the operations of one or more of our vendors. In particular, these types of events could impact our product supply chain from or to the impacted region and could impact our ability to operate. In addition, these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted regions. Disasters occurring at our manufacturing facilities could impact our reputation and our customers perception of our brands. To the extent any of these events occur, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected.Worldwide and domestic economic trends and financial market conditions, including an economic decline in the agricultural industry, may adversely affect our operating performance.We intend to distribute in a number of countries and derive revenues from both inside and outside the United States. We expect our business will be subject to global competition and may be adversely affected by factors in the United States and other countries that are beyond our control, such as disruptions in financial markets, economic downturns in the form of either contained or widespread recessionary conditions, elevated unemployment levels, sluggish or uneven recovery, in specific countries or regions, or in the agricultural industry; social, political or labor conditions in specific countries or regions; natural and other disasters affecting our operations or our customers and suppliers; or adverse changes in the availability and cost of capital, interest rates, tax rates, or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Unfavorable global or regional economic conditions, including an economic decline in the agricultural industry, could adversely impact our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.19For certain of the components included in our products there are a limited number of suppliers we can rely upon and if we are unable to obtain these components when needed we could experience delays in the manufacturing of our products and our financial results could be adversely affected.We acquire most of the components for the manufacture of our products from suppliers and subcontractors. We have not entered into any agreements or arrangements with any potential suppliers or subcontractors. Suppliers of some of the components may require us to place orders with significant lead-times to assure supply in accordance with its manufacturing requirements. Our present lack of working capital may cause us to delay the placement of such orders and may result in delays in supply. Delays in supply may significantly hurt our ability to fulfill our contractual obligations and may significantly hurt our business and result of operations. In addition, we may not be able to continue to obtain such components from these suppliers on satisfactory commercial terms. Disruptions of its manufacturing operations would ensue if we were required to obtain components from alternative sources, which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.Risks Associated with Our SecuritiesAs a result of the Merger, Mr. Bret Chilcott, our new Chief Executive Officer and President beneficially owns a majority of our outstanding capital stock and will have the ability to control our affairs.As a result of the Merger, our Chief Executive Officer and President, Bret Chilcott owns approximately 59.4% of the issued and outstanding common stock, which is estimated to equal approximately 36% of our total capitalization after the Merger on a fully-diluted basis (assuming conversion or exercise of all convertible securities, outstanding stock options and warrants, and issuance of additional shares of Series C Preferred Stock in connection with the $4 million financing). By virtue of his holdings, he may influence the election of the members of our board of directors, our management and our affairs, and may make it difficult for us to consummate corporate transactions such as mergers, consolidations or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets that may be favorable from our standpoint or that of our other shareholders.We do not know whether an active, liquid and orderly trading market will develop for our common stock.An active trading market for our securities may not develop or be sustained after the completion of the Merger. The lack of an active or liquid market may impair your ability to sell our securities at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable.The market price of our securities may be volatile and may fluctuate in a way that is disproportionate to our operating performance.Following the Merger, our shares may experience substantial volatility as a result of a number of factors, including, among others:sales or potential sales of substantial amounts of our common stock;sales or potential sales of substantial amounts of our common stock;announcements about us or about our competitors or new product introductions;announcements about us or about our competitors or new product introductions;developments concerning our product manufacturers;developments concerning our product manufacturers;20the loss or unanticipated underperformance of our global distribution channel;the loss or unanticipated underperformance of our global distribution channel;litigation and other developments relating to our patents or other proprietary rights or those of our competitors;litigation and other developments relating to our patents or other proprietary rights or those of our competitors;conditions in the UAV industry;conditions in the UAV industry;governmental regulation and legislation;governmental regulation and legislation;variations in our anticipated or actual operating results;variations in our anticipated or actual operating results;changes in securities analysts estimates of our performance, or our failure to meet analysts expectations;changes in securities analysts estimates of our performance, or our failure to meet analysts expectations;foreign currency values and fluctuations; andforeign currency values and fluctuations; andoverall political and economic conditions.overall political and economic conditions.We do not intend to pay cash dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gain.We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, the terms of existing and future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future.Provisions in our articles of incorporation and by-laws, and Nevada law might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock.Provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws, and Nevada law may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeovers or delaying or preventing a change in control of our company or changes in our management, including transactions in which our shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. In addition, these provisions may limit the ability of shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. These provisions include:the inability of shareholders to call special meetings; andthe inability of shareholders to call special meetings; andthe ability of our board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without shareholder approval, which could include the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control or could be used to institute a rights plan, also known as a poison pill, that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our board of directors.the ability of our board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without shareholder approval, which could include the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control or could be used to institute a rights plan, also known as a poison pill, that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our board of directors.The existence of the forgoing provisions and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition.FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a shareholders ability to buy and sell our securities.The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customers financial status, tax status, investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for certain customers. FINRA requirements will likely make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our securities, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, resulting in fewer broker-dealers who are willing to make a market in our securities, potentially reducing a shareholders ability to resell our securities.If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our shares or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, the price of our securities and trading volume could decline.The trading market for our securities will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the price of our securities or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, the price of our securities could decline.21

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn February 9, 2018, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary AAdvantage Laundry, completed its acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Zuf and Sky-Rent, pursuant to the terms of (i) the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2017 (the Zuf Asset Purchase Agreement), by and among the Company and AAdvantage Laundry, on the one hand, and Zuf and the Zuf Sellers, on the other hand, and (ii) the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2017 (the Sky-Rent Asset Purchase Agreement), by and among the Company and AAdvantage Laundry, on the one hand, and Sky-Rent and the Sky-Rent Sellers, on the other hand. The execution of the Zuf Asset Purchase Agreement and the Sky-Rent Asset Purchase Agreement was previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 13, 2017.Consistent with the previously disclosed terms of the Zuf Asset Purchase Agreement (i) the purchase price for the Zuf asset acquisition is $11,000,000, subject to working capital and other adjustments, consisting of: (i) $5,500,000 in cash (the Zuf Cash Amount), of which $1,000,000 will be deposited in an escrow account for no less than 18 months after the date of the closing of the Zuf asset acquisition (subject to extension in certain circumstances), and (b) 225,410 shares (the Zuf Stock Consideration) of Common Stock; and (ii) the purchase price for the Sky-Rent asset acquisition is $6,000,000, subject to working capital and other adjustments, consisting of: (a) $3,000,000 in cash (the Sky-Rent Cash Amount), of which $500,000 will be deposited in an escrow account for no less than 18 months after the date of the closing of the Sky-Rent asset acquisition (subject to extension in certain circumstances), and (b) 122,950 shares (the Sky-Rent Stock Consideration, and collectively, with the Zuf Stock Consideration, the Stock Consideration) of Common Stock. The Company funded the Zuf Cash Amount and the Sky-Rent Cash Amount with the Companys Amended Revolving Line of Credit.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 14, 2018 the Company completed the Disposition, and consequently disposed of its medical transportation business, to AMGH. The information under Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.The Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 presents the operating results of its medical transportation business as discontinued operations for the three years ended December 31, 2017 and as assets and liabilities held for sale as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. The medical transportation business of legacy Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc. (EHH) was contributed to the Company upon the merger of AmSurg Corp. (AmSurg) and EHH on December 1, 2016 (the Merger). AmSurg was the accounting acquirer in the Merger; therefore, AmSurgs historical financial statements for periods prior to the Merger are considered to be the historical financial statements of the Company. As a result, the Companys operating results for periods prior to December 31, 2016 exclude AMRs results. Accordingly, the Company has determined that separate pro forma financial statements, giving effect to the Disposition are not required to be filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K.Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On October 11, 2018, Parent completed the acquisition of the Company through the Merger.At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Company common stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than certain shares of Company common stock as set forth in the Merger Agreement) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $46.00 per share, without interest (the Merger Consideration), subject to applicable withholding taxes.Merger ConsiderationExcept as otherwise agreed to prior to the Effective Time by Parent and the holder thereof, at the Effective Time, each option to purchase shares of Company common stock and each restricted stock award, restricted stock unit award, and deferred stock unit award that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time became fully vested (to the extent unvested) and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Merger Consideration in respect of each share of Company common stock underlying such award (less, in the case of options, the applicable exercise price). Each performance stock unit award that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (a) the total number of shares of Company common stock subject to such award immediately prior to the Effective Time (assuming target performance) and (b) the Merger Consideration, payable on such awards original vesting date, subject to the holders continued service through the payment date..The description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement contained in this Item 2.01 does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 13, 2018, and is incorporated by reference herein.SEC

ITEM 2.01COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.Merger With I-ON Communications, Co., Ltd.As previously disclosed, on December 20, 2017, the Registrant entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement) with I-ON Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, and I-ON Communications, Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) (I-ON). On January 25, 2018, upon consummation of the Transactions set forth in the Merger Agreement (the Closing), the Registrant adopted the business plan of I-ON.Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Acquisition merged with and into I-ON in a statutory reverse triangular merger (the Merger) with I-ON surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant. As consideration for the Merger, the Registrant issued the shareholders of I-ON (the I-ON Holders) an aggregate of 26,000,000 shares of our Common Stock (the Merger Shares) in accordance with the pro rata ownership of the I-ON Holders immediately prior to the Merger. As a result of the Merger, the I-ON Holders received approximately eighty-one percent (81%) of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of the Registrant. The parties have taken the actions necessary to provide that the Merger is treated as a tax free exchange under Section 351 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Registrant and I-ON for like transactions. The foregoing descriptions of the above referenced agreements do not purport to be complete. For an understanding of their terms and provisions, reference should be made to the Merger Agreement attached as Exhibits 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. On December 14, 2018, the Registrants Board of Directors approved an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation (the Amendment) to change its name to I-ON Communications Corp.At the effective time of the Merger, our board of directors and officers were reconstituted by the appointment of Jae Cheol James Oh as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer, Hong Rae Kim as Executive Director and Jae Ho Cho as Director. Michael Rapport resigned as President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman in connection with the Transaction and Evan Rapport resigned as Vice President and Director, Kenneth Wiedrich resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Director and Kyle Leingang resigned as Secretary. Roy Robertson, Mark Lamb, Joe Ryan, and Kevin Hammons resigned as members of the Board of Directors and their respective committees.3Pro Forma OwnershipFollowing the issuance of the Merger Shares and the Shares sold in the Offering, the former shareholders of I-ON and/or their designees now beneficially own approximately eighty-one percent (81%) of the total outstanding shares of the Registrants Common Stock. For financial accounting purposes, the acquisition was treated as a reverse acquisition of the Company by I-ON, under the purchase method of accounting, and was deemed a recapitalization with I-ON as the acquirer. Upon consummation of the Merger, the Company adopted the business plan of I-ON.DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS OF I-ON COMMUNICATIONS CO., LTDCOMPANY OVERVIEWEvans Brewing Company, Inc. (the Registrant, or the Company) is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18, 2013. I-ON Communications Co., Ltd. the Companys wholly-owned subsidiary, was formed under the laws of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) on July 5, 1999. I-ON was founded by Jae Cheol James Oh, who currently serves as CEO, the Companys roots of which are in IT consultancy and software development. I-ON services South Koreas Enterprise Content Management systems market and specializes in advancing market-leading internet software applications to capitalize on rapidly growing market sectors.After being awarded its first of 6 patents in 2003, I-ON has since evolved into an industry-leading and recognized software developer and provider of enterprise-class unstructured data management and digital marketing software and solutions. I-ON services over 1,000 blue-chip and middle-market clients across virtually all verticals in both private and public sectors. The Company has meaningfully expanded its reach over the past decade and now currently licenses and sells its products and services directly to clients in South Korea and Japan, as well as in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, and the U.S. through value-added resellers and partnerships.I-ONs portfolio of software and solutions serves the digital marketing and technology needs of organizations, enabling clients to create, measure, and optimizes digital experiences for their audiences across marketing channels and devices. We believe these solutions help clients reduce the cost of content management and delivery and increase the return on their investments in digital communication.I-ON currently holds 6 international patents for both products and methodologies (with 3 more pending) built into the 11 product offerings the Company currently has at market. These encompass enterprise web content management (CMS), web experience and service delivery software, digital marketing, smart mobility and analytics tools, and, more recently, energy management solutions and sports and IT convergence services. The Company has designed and developed industry-leading technologies that are compliant with global standards including GS (Good Software) and NET (New Excellent Technology). I-ON also holds numerous domestic and global industry awards, earning high rankings and recognition from the likes of Gartner (Magic Quadrant 2014) and Red Herring (2014 Asia Top 100 Winner), among many others.In addition to South Korea, Japan has particularly helped fuel I-ONs growth over the past 10 years owing to the success of an exclusive licensing deal with Ashisuto, a large Japan-based technology services firm that employs approximately 800 technical, engineering and marketing staff across 9 office locations. Ashisuto, which has provided technology services to Japans enterprises and government entities since 1973, currently white labels and sells I-ONs core CMS offering ICS6 to over 610 clients as NOREN 6.4As a result of global enterprise digital marketing and I-ONs 18-year track record in South Korea, Japan and now, Southeast Asia, the Companys objective is to continue to gain market share in these markets. [I-ON will continue to closely engage and consult with existing and prospective clients as their subject matter expert across multiple touchpoints in the digital marketing and technology ecosystem, helping Chief Marketing Officers (CMO) and Chief Information Officers (CIO) drive critical change and growth for their organizations.]I-ON has invested and continues to spend over 15% of total annual revenue on research and development. The Company has grown its total number of employees to over 150 as of June 30, 2017, 90% of whom are considered full-time. Research and development comprises of roughly 100 junior, mid to senior level engineers and developers, most of whom are based at the Company headquarters located at 15 Teheran-ro 10-gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea, 06234.PRODUCTS AND SERVICESI-ONs product line is comprised of:Enterprise Web Content Management : Service Delivery Platform (PaaS): I-ON Content Server - ICS Gen 6 & 7 I-ON Content Application Framework Engine - ICAFE I-ON Deploy Server - IDS - broadcasting CSDP I-ON Digital Asset Management System - IDAS - mobile content I-ON Web Analytics Server - digital content SDP I-ON Content Ecosystem - ICE Software as a Service (SaaS) : Energy Management Solutions : Distributed Repository Service - GAIA Load Aggregator's Management System - LAMS iDrive - E-Document Management System - Demand Resource Management e.Form - mobile contract platform - Advanced Metering Infrastructure Assist9 - mobile ERPdashboard TAMM - pro-sports marketing & analyticsService Delivery Platform (PaaS):I-ON Content Server - ICS Gen 6 & 7 I-ON Content Application Framework Engine - ICAFEI-ON Content Application Framework Engine - ICAFEI-ON Deploy Server - IDS - broadcasting CSDP- broadcasting CSDPI-ON Digital Asset Management System - IDAS - mobile content- mobile contentI-ON Web Analytics Server - digital content SDP- digital content SDPI-ON Content Ecosystem - ICEI-ON Content Ecosystem - ICESoftware as a Service (SaaS) : Energy Management Solutions :Energy Management Solutions :Distributed Repository Service - GAIA Load Aggregator's Management System - LAMSLoad Aggregator's Management System - LAMSiDrive - E-Document Management System - Demand Resource Management- Demand Resource Managemente.Form - mobile contract platform - Advanced Metering Infrastructure- Advanced Metering InfrastructureAssist9 - mobile ERPdashboardTAMM - pro-sports marketing & analyticsSports & IT Convergence ServiceVoiceBall  Amateur League Umpire & Data ServiceFollowing is a summary description of I-ONs products:ICS6 (I-ON Content Server)  ICS6 is I-ONs generation 6 web content management system that helps reduce burdens of complex website management by organizing vast amounts of ever-increasing digital content and big data into physical directory and logical site structure. ICS6 is one of South Koreas first-to-market cloud-based CMS platforms and a market share leader in both Korea & Japan.IDS (I-ON Deploy Server)  IDS, in conjunction with ICS6, securely, conveniently and automatically deploys files and content between servers when distribution inefficiencies and services issues arise.IDAS (I-ON Digital Asset Management System)  IDAS, in conjunction with ICS6, ensures a virtuous cycle of an organizations digital assets through an integrated framework that collects, manages, deploys and distributes content. It also provides ample storage and categorization functionalities necessary to address high multi-media content demand including high-resolution video. The software supports digital archiving, scalability and changes in physical environment.5e.Form  e.Form is a one-stop mobile contract solution for smartphones and tablets that digitizes and expedites document creation and execution processes for organizations. The platform supports over 200 application programming interfaces (APIs).iDrive  iDrive is a SaaS-based EDMS (e-document management system) which centralizes all categories of e-documents within an organization, iDrive is geared for streamlining and managing the e-document lifecycle from creation, approval, archiving to destruction.iCAFE (I-ON Content Application Framework Engine)  iCAFE is a content delivery platform optimized for N-Screen environments, offering a robust wire-wireless service delivery platform for broadcasting, imaging & mobile content(I-ON Content Application Framework Engine)GAIA  GAIA is a back-end unstructured data repository platform that manages a cloud-based ecosystem that enterprises or individuals can use to build and share mobile applications.LAMS (Load Aggregator's Management System) - LAMS is one of South Koreas first Open ADR 2.0-based demand response management solutions designed to manage and reduce electricity consumption and peak demand through demand response program participation.ICE (I-ON Content Ecosystem) - ICE is a platform that manages the digital content management lifecycle beginning from creation, registration, distribution, deletion, billing to analytics. ICE is geared for SOs seeking ways to enhance business to business to consumer (B2B2C) value.TAMM (Ticket Admission Marketing Management) - TAMM is a mobile B2B2C platform that integrates and manages the professional sports event experience from marketing and promotion and ticket purchases and reservations to the delivery of a mobile analytics dashboard for followers. Event organizers/sponsors have included, among others, the LPGA Hana Bank Championship and SK Telecom Open. I-ON acquired the core TAMM developers and intellectual property from South Korea-based MoceanPeople in March 2016.Assist9  Assist9 is a mobile all-in-one work flow process and data management dashboard geared towards small and medium-sized businesses and startups. Core functions revolve around ERP, PMS, SFA, HR, and e-approval  with up to fifteen others- and are designed to improve operational efficiencies and provide CEOs with greater analytical insight into their businesses.ADDRESSABLE MARKETSSouth Korea, Japan and Southeast AsiaEconsultancy and Adobe reported in recent studies that less than 15% of CMO respondents identified as working for digital-first organizations, despite a study by Forrester Research that indicated 51% of B2B enterprises were ratcheting up digital marketing initiatives in 2017 and 2018. A key driver of I-ONs ability to tap further into existing and future addressable markets, the Company believes, will depend on how quickly mid to large enterprises can adopt a digital-first mindset through continued client engagement.6According to many industry researchers, such as Forrester and Gartner, the combined enterprise digital marketing and CMS sector in South Korea and Japan is expected to generate a high single digit compounded annual growth rate to over $800 million by 2020.Given its market share-leading in both South Korea and Japan, I-ON remains uniquely positioned to serve as a localized partner and to address the evolving marketing needs of mid to large enterprises. CMOs continue to seek new and innovative ways to analyze, improve return on investment (ROI) and justify the value of increased digital marketing spending.According to numerous industry sources, including Forbes, South Korea has emerged as one of Asias fastest growing technology startup hubs, attracting increasing investment from domestic funds and foreign investment.Today, South Korea remains the eleventh largest economy in the world and, with 51 million people, the twenty-eighth largest population in the world, while boasting the worlds highest broadband penetration at 97%. South Korea was recently highlighted in Bloombergs list of most innovative countries, owing to the countrys research and development intensity, as well as productivity and educational standards. Home to Samsung, Hyundai and over 10 other Fortune 500 companies, South Korea, for the past several decades, has also been on a path pivoting from big industry and manufacturing to transformative technology, thanks to government and private/public partnership initiatives. Favorable policy initiatives have recently led to larger budget allocation towards science and technology, matching funds with international investors, establishing international entrepreneurship programs at universities, opening up many of the countrys research institutes, and providing safety nets for technologists and scientists that take capital risk.Similarly, Japan remains the third largest economy and second largest developed economy in the world, the third largest automobile manufacturing, and the largest electronics goods industry in the world. Despite being home to over 50 Fortune 500 companies, and facing growing competition from China and South Korea, manufacturing and investment in Japan have also pivoted toward software development, high-technology, and precision goods sectors, such as robotics and optical instruments.Asia-Pacific and GlobalAcross not only South Korea and Japan, but the entire Asia-Pacific region, businesses and consumers today increasingly demand personalized content and experiences in their online interactions, across multiple digital channels and devices. This is accelerating growth in the CMS and digital marketing arenas as well demand from marketers seeking solutions that optimize customers experiences, demonstrate the success of their programs with objective metrics, and deliver the greatest return on their marketing spend.According to Gartner, the enterprise CMS market across the Asia-Pacific region, which includes China, South Korea, Hong Kong, Japan, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and Vietnam  exceeded $700 million in 2016, up significantly from $500 million in 2014 and is projected to exceed $900 million by 2019, reflecting a compounded annual growth rate of at least 12%. Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore collectively generated $180 million in enterprise CMS revenue last year and Gartner projects a 16% annual growth rate into 2020.In North America, aggregate digital marketing spend, which includes CMS for both products and professional services by both mid and large-sized enterprises, exceeded $135 billion in 2016 from approximately $95 billion in 2014, and according to forecasts from both IDC and Statista, is projected to grow 18% annually to over $225 billion by 2019.7Globally, sources such as the CMO Council and Gartner estimate the current web and mobile digital marketing industry size at $450 billion, while forecasting a high single digit 5 year compounded annual growth rate to over $600 billion by 2019.Between North America, Western Europe and developed economies within the Asia-Pac, the CMO Council currently foresees enterprise CMS implementation, content creation and optimization as representing over 50% of digital marketing spend, while mobile advertising, search engine and social media advertising contribute about 20%, 15% and 15%, respectively.MARKETING AND GROWTH STRATEGYPush Defining Value PropositionI-ON believes it remains uniquely positioned to address the evolving marketing needs of medium to large enterprises.Given the growth across the global enterprise digital marketing spectrum and I-ONs 18-year track record serving a marquee clientele in South Korea, Japan, and parts of Southeast Asia, I-ONs objective is to continue to aggressively gain market share by closely engaging with existing and prospective clients and while driving sales for both its core CMS offering and complementary solutions that enable organizations to transform traditional marketing initiatives into analytics and data-driven strategies vital to delivering measurable results.I-ON believes that its software products and solutions will continue to be a primary revenue source for the Company over time and that its growing portfolio of products may generate profitable demand for associated maintenance, support, implementation, consulting, and training services that the Company, and a channel of licensees and VARs, can provide.Near-term, I-ON intends to do the following to drive organic growth: Continue to leverage knowledge and experience into new or enhanced solutions and productsContinue to leverage knowledge and experience into new or enhanced solutions and products Continue to deploy secure pilot environments for prospective customers to evaluate and envision additional uses for customized application developmentContinue to deploy secure pilot environments for prospective customers to evaluate and envision additional uses for customized application development Continue to procure contracts directly, via strategic partnerships and increasing sales personnelContinue to procure contracts directly, via strategic partnerships and increasing sales personnel Recruit seasoned executives as well as younger talent to utilize unique training model that addresses resource shortagesRecruit seasoned executives as well as younger talent to utilize unique training model that addresses resource shortages Incubate and build-out focused profitable technology practicesIncubate and build-out focused profitable technology practices Continue to participate in multi-lateral joint R&D projects in concert with 28 partners from 7 different countriesContinue to participate in multi-lateral joint R&D projects in concert with 28 partners from 7 different countriesSouth East Asia Market PenetrationAccording to Gartner, Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore generated $180 million in enterprise CMS revenue last year and project a 16% annual growth rate by 2020. As a result, I-ON intends to continue to build off of its initial successes in the Southeast Asia region, which include, among other projects, the following: implementation of a fully integrated mobile/online trading solution for Malaysias MNC Securities; a CMS implementation for a leading USA cable manufacturer, Commscope- supporting 13 languages to meet global standards; the implementation of a CMS solution based on CSDP (Convergence Service Delivery Platform) for Indonesias BOLEH Mobile; and an integration of CMS platforms for the Malaysia Ministry of Works.8Acquisition StrategyI-ON will attempt to continue to leverage its ongoing success in CMS and its international partnerships to move upstream, cross-sell, and serve clients more directly as either their digital strategist of choice and/or by acquiring businesses with (i) a revenue producing platform with existing enterprise clients, (ii) subject matter expertise and or (iii) rights to intellectual property in at least one of the following digital marketing-related disciplines: predictive analytics, smart mobility, marketing automation, SEO, ERP, workflow automation, and eCommerce. I-ON has already identified multiple compelling acquisition opportunities within these domains, both in South Korea and Japan. However, there can be no assurance that I-ON will be able to acquire one or more of these businesses or that it will be able to do so on terms that are favorable to I-ON.Notably, I-On believes that overall macro conditions that drive consolidation and acquisitions also remain ideal for I-ON including the historical low interest rate, a large, evolving and fragmented technology services and solutions market across South Korea and developed East Asia, and the relatively low organic growth opportunities that ordinarily may not exist for smaller businesses. These pre-existing conditions could enable I-ON to identify and purchase compelling assets inexpensively.Expand Product Offering and Geographic Coverage over the long-termOver the next 5 years, I-ONs growth strategy is to significantly expand its client base in South Korea, Japan, and Southeast Asia, while also expanding into new geographic areas, such as the U.S. and Europe to provide clients with global coverage and around the clock services that CMS and digital marketing requires. I-ONs continued business model is to allow its work and unique technical skills to attract new clients as well as win repeat projects with past and current clients. At the same time, ION intends to expand its core offerings and increase brand awareness with new service capabilities and software products that produce significant value for clients.PATENTS AND TRADEMARKSPatents: Integrated certification system using electronic contract #10-1132672Integrated certification system using electronic contract #10-1132672 Website construction and management methodology #0457428Website construction and management methodology #0457428 Website integrated management system and management methodology #10-0764690Website integrated management system and management methodology #10-0764690 Internet Reaction application reaction survey methodology and systems #0366708Internet Reaction application reaction survey methodology and systems #0366708 Modification and restoration methodology on comment utilizing digital items #10-0634047

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 17, 2018, Evofem Biosciences, Inc., formerly known as Neothetics, Inc. (the Company), completed its business combination with Evofem Biosciences Operations, Inc., formerly known as Evofem Biosciences, Inc. (Evofem Operations), in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of October 17, 2017, by and among the Company, Nobelli Merger Sub, Inc. (Merger Sub), and Evofem Operations (the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Evofem Operations, with Evofem Operations surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger). Following the completion of the Merger, the Company will be focused on improving the health and well-being of women throughout the world by addressing womens unmet medical needs through the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative, next generation womens healthcare products.On January 17, 2018, in connection with the Merger, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation to effect a 6:1 reverse stock split of its common stock (the Reverse Stock Split), cause the Company not to be governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) and change its name from Neothetics, Inc. to Evofem Biosciences, Inc. The name change and the Reverse Stock Split were both effected on January 17, 2018. Shares of the Companys common stock, which are currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market will commence trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol EVFM as of market open on January 18, 2018. The Companys common stock has a new CUSIP number, 30048L 104.No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded down to the nearest whole number, and each stockholder who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of common stock upon the Reverse Stock Split is, in lieu thereof, entitled to receive a cash payment at a price equal to the fraction to which the stockholder would otherwise be entitled multiplied by the closing price of the Companys common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market on January 17, 2018. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Companys common stock immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split was reduced into a smaller number of shares, such that every six shares of the Companys common stock held by a stockholder immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split were combined and reclassified into one share of the Companys common stock.Unless otherwise noted, all references to share amounts in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including references to shares or options issued in connection with the Merger and the Financing (as defined below), reflect the Reverse Stock Split. The foregoing descriptions of the amendments to the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the certificate amendments to the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Evofem Operations common stockholders, at an exchange ratio of .1540 shares of the Companys common stock for each share of Evofem Operations common stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series C-1 Preferred Stock of Evofem Operations outstanding immediately prior to the Merger was automatically converted into a share of common stock of Evofem Operations in accordance with the terms of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of Evofem Operations. In addition, the Company issued shares of its common stock to holders of shares of Series D Preferred Stock of Evofem Operations at an exchange ratio of 515,924 shares of the Companys common stock for each share of Evofem Operations Series D Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger. Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below), Evofem Operations issued to existing accredited investors of Evofem Operations warrants to purchase up to 155,081,982 shares of common stock of Evofem Operations at an exercise price of $0.001 per share (the Investor Warrants) immediately prior to the completion of the Merger. The Investor Warrants were net exercised on a cashless basis immediately prior to the completion of the Merger for 154,593,455 shares of common stock of Evofem Operations. The shares of common stock of Evofem Operations issued upon net exercise of the Investor Warrants were converted into the right to receive shares of common stock of the Company at the common stock exchange ratio described above.In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company assumed Evofem Operations Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the Evofem Operations Plan) and all of the stock options outstanding under the Evofem Operations Plan, with such stock options now representing the right to purchase a number of shares of the Companys common stock equal to .1540 multiplied by the number of shares of Evofem Operations common stock previously represented by such options. The per share exercise price for the each assumed Evofem Operations option was determined by dividing (i) the per share exercise price of the underlying Evofem Operations option by (ii) the common stock exchange ratio described above, with the resulting number rounded up to the nearest whole cent. The Company also assumed warrants to purchase Evofem Operations capital stock which were immediately amended and restated to be warrants (the Post-Merger Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock. The Post-Merger Warrants will have an exercise price equal to the average of the closing sale prices of shares of the Companys common stock as quoted on The Nasdaq Capital Market for the 30 consecutive trading day period immediately following January 17, 2018 and will be exercisable commencing on January 17, 2019 and until the earlier of January 17, 2022 or immediately prior to the completion of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the Post-Merger Warrants). The Post-Merger Warrants will be issued as a unit with one share of the Companys common stock (the Unit Share). Per the terms of the Post-Merger Warrants, the Unit Shares may not be transferred separately from the Post-Merger Warrants.On January 17, 2018 the Company entered into voting agreements (the Post-Merger Voting Agreements) with certain holders (the Voting Agreement Holders) of shares of the Companys common stock then representing more than 19.5% of the then issued and outstanding Company common stock (the Threshold). For a discussion of the Post-Merger Voting Agreements see the section entitled Agreements Related to the Merger-Post Merger Voting Agreements beginning on page 129 of the prospectus/proxy statement/information statement for the special meeting of the Companys stockholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 12, 2017 (the Proxy Statement), which is incorporated herein by reference.On January 17, 2018, immediately following the completion of the Merger, the Company issued, in a private placement transaction (the Financing), an aggregate of 1,614,289 shares of its common stock to certain accredited investors for an aggregate purchase price of $20 million pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 17, 2017, by and among the Company, Evofem Operations and certain accredited investors (the Securities Purchase Agreement). Upon consummation of the Financing, the Company terminated its existing Fourth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated September 22, 2014, by and between the Company and the investors listed therein (the Existing Investors), and entered into a registration rights agreement with the accredited investors participating in the Financing and certain previous investors of Evofem Operations and the Company (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company is, among other things, obligated to file a registration statement with the SEC within 60 days following completion of the Merger.Following the completion of the Reverse Stock Split, the Merger and the Financing, there were approximately 17,757,165 shares of the Companys common stock outstanding. The former Evofem Operations stockholders owned approximately 87% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, or 15,448,737 shares, and the Companys stockholders immediately prior to the Merger and Financing, whose shares of the Companys common stock remained outstanding after the Merger and Financing, owned approximately 13% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, or 2,308,428 shares.The issuance of the shares of the Companys common stock to the former stockholders of Evofem Operations was registered with the SEC on a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-221592) (the Registration Statement). The issuance of the shares of the Companys common stock to holders of stock options issued under the Evofem Operations Plan will be registered with the SEC on a Registration Statement on Form S-8. The shares of Company common stock issued in the Financing were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder. As disclosed below under Item 5.07, the issuances of shares of the Companys common stock pursuant to the Financing and the Merger were approved by the Companys stockholders at the special meeting of the Companys stockholders held on January 17, 2018.No. 333-221592)S-8.The foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement, Post-Merger Warrants, Post-Merger Voting Agreement, Securities Purchase Agreement, Evofem Operations Plan and Registration Rights Agreement do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, Post-Merger Warrants, Post-Merger Voting Agreement, Securities Purchase Agreement, Evofem Operations Plan and Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which are included as Exhibits 2.1, 4.1, 4.2, 10.1, 10.11 and 10.12, respectively, of this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn December 22, 2017, ExlService Holdings, Inc. (the Company), through a wholly owned subsidiary, completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets, and certain trade payables and contract liabilities related thereto, of Health Integrated, Inc. (Health Integrated), a Florida based care management company that provides end-to-end technology and analytics-enabled care management services including case management, utilization management, disease management, special needs programs, and multi-chronic care management on behalf of health plans.The purchase consideration consisted of (a) $22 million in cash, subject to a customary working capital adjustment and (b) the ability for Health Integrated to earn up to $5 million in cash as an earn-out, based on the achievement of certain performance goals by the Health Integrated business acquired by the Company during the 2018 calendar year. A portion of the purchase consideration otherwise payable was placed into escrow as security for the post-closing working capital adjustments and the indemnification obligations under the acquisition agreement. The Company paid the purchase price with a combination of cash on hand and borrowings from its credit facility.Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.EXLSERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. (Registrant) Date: February 23, 2018 By: /s/ Nancy Saltzman Name: Nancy Saltzman Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and SecretaryEXLSERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. (Registrant)(Registrant)Date: February 23, 2018 By: /s/ Nancy SaltzmanBy:/s/ Nancy SaltzmanName: Nancy SaltzmanName:Nancy SaltzmanTitle: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and SecretaryTitle:Executive Vice President, General Counsel and SecretaryGeneral Counsel and SecretaryITEM 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn July 1, 2018, ExlService Holdings, Inc. (the Company), through its wholly owned subsidiary ExlService.com, LLC (Buyer) and Buyers wholly owned subsidiary ExlService Cayman Merger Sub (Merger Sub), completed the acquisition of SCIOInspire Holdings Inc. (SCIO) pursuant to its previously announced Agreement of Merger (the Merger Agreement) dated April 28, 2018. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into SCIO, with SCIO continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Buyer (the Merger). SCIO is a health analytics solution and services company serving over 100 healthcare organizations representing over 130 million covered lives across the continuum including providers, health plans, PBMs, employers, health services and global life sciences companies.The aggregate consideration payable at closing of the merger was $236.5 million based on completion of diligence, which amount was adjusted based on, among other things, SCIOs cash, debt, working capital position and other adjustments as of the Closing as set forth in the Merger Agreement. A portion of the merger consideration was placed into escrow for post-Closing working capital adjustments and certain indemnifiable matters under the Merger Agreement. Immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger, certain members of the senior management team of SCIO exchanged approximately $4 million in shares of SCIO for 69,459 newly-issued shares of restricted common stock of the Company in a private exchange. This share exchange reduced, dollar for dollar, the cash amount paid by the Company at Closing, which was paid with a combination of cash on hand and borrowing from its credit facility. The shares of the Company issued to each such senior management team members are subject to a two-year lock-up period unless he or she is terminated without cause.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the press release issued by the Company concerning the foregoing is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 16, 2018, eHealth, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Wealth, Health and Life Advisors, LLC (d/b/a GoMedigap), a Texas limited liability company (GoMedigap), WHL Advisors, Inc., a Texas Corporation (WHL), Qavah Ventures, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (together with WHL, the Members), Richard Cantu and Kevin Walbrick, and Kevin Walbrick as the exclusive member representative thereunder, pursuant to which the Company acquired all outstanding membership interests of GoMedigap (the Acquisition). The Acquisition was completed on January 22, 2018 pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.), entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Wealth, Health and Life Advisors, LLC (d/b/a GoMedigap), a Texas limited liability company (GoMedigap), WHL Advisors, Inc., a Texas Corporation (WHL), Qavah Ventures, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (together with WHL, the Members), Richard Cantu and Kevin Walbrick, and Kevin Walbrick as the exclusive member representative thereunder, pursuant to which the Company acquired all outstanding membership interests of GoMedigap (the Acquisition). The Acquisition was completed on January 22, 2018 pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, (i) at the Closing of the Acquisition, the Members received consideration consisting of $15 million in cash, less purchase price adjustments of $171,250, and an aggregate of approximately 294,637 shares of Company common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Company Common Stock), subject to escrow adjustments, and (ii) if, as and when payable under the Purchase Agreement, the Members will be entitled to receive earnout payments (the  Earnout Consideration) with an aggregate value equal to approximately $30 million, consisting of approximately $20 million in cash and an aggregate of approximately 589,275 shares of Company Common Stock. The Earnout Consideration will become payable, subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, upon the final determination of the achievement of certain milestones in 2018 and 2019.The purchase price is subject to customary adjustments following the closing, including a working capital adjustment to the extent such amount is greater or less than the estimated net working capital amount determined at Closing.The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete, and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Purchase Agreement, which was attached as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 16, 2018.On January 16, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing the entry into the Purchase Agreement. A copy of the press release was filed as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 16, 2018, and, to the extent relating to the closing of the Acquisition, is incorporated herein by reference. The press release should be read in conjunction with the note regarding forward-looking statements, which is included in the text of the press release.Section 9 Financial Statements and ExhibitsItem 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Federated National Holding Company (the Company) (NASDAQ: FNHC), an insurance holding company, has announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, Federated National Insurance Company (FNIC), completed on February 21, 2018 the purchase of interests in Monarch Delaware Holdings LLC (MDH) held by the Companys joint venture partners and repayment of the related debt.FNIC purchased for $12,282,000 in cash the Class A membership interests of MDH held by Crosswinds Investor Monarch LP (Crosswinds), representing 42.4% of MDHs membership interests, and purchased for $4,403,000 in cash the Class B membership interests of MDH held by Transatlantic Reinsurance Company (TransRe), representing 15.2% of MDHs membership interests. The outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest due on the $5.0 million note to TransRe was also repaid in full. With the closing of this acquisition, FNIC now owns 100% of Monarch National Insurance Company, the primary operating subsidiary of MDH.In connection with the closing, the Company and an affiliate of Crosswinds entered into a consulting agreement whereby such affiliate will serve in an advisory capacity to the Company for a fee of $75,000 per calendar quarter through December 31, 2018. In addition, TransRe and a subsidiary of Crosswinds entered into right-of-first-refusal agreements with FNIC to participate in FNICs catastrophe excess-of-loss reinsurance program through December 31, 2018, at market rates and terms, up to a placement of $10 million in reinsurance limit in excess of its placement on FNICs current catastrophe excess-of-loss reinsurance program from TransRe and up to a placement of $10 million in reinsurance limit in the aggregate from Crosswinds.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsClosing of Acquisition of Southwest Banc Shares, Inc.Effective March 1, 2018, The First Bancshares, Inc., a Mississippi corporation (the Company or First Bancshares) completed its previously-announced merger (the Merger) with Southwest Banc Shares, Inc. (Southwest) pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between the First Bancshares and Southwest, dated as of October 24, 2017 (the Merger Agreement). At the closing, Southwest merged with and into First Bancshares, with First Bancshares as the surviving corporation. Following the Merger, Southwests wholly-owned subsidiary bank, First Community Bank, merged with and into the First Bancshares wholly-owned subsidiary bank, The First, A National Banking Association (The First), with The First as the surviving bank and continuing its corporate existence under the name The First, A National Banking Association (the Bank Merger, and together with the Merger, the Mergers).Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Southwest shareholders received for each share of SWBS common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger (i) 15.8804 shares of the Companys common stock and (ii) cash in the amount of $336.08. Each outstanding share of First Bancshares common stock remained outstanding and was unaffected by the Mergers.The foregoing description of the Mergers and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the Merger Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2017.Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsClosing of Acquisition of Sunshine Financial, Inc.Effective April 1, 2018, The First Bancshares, Inc., a Mississippi corporation (the Company or First Bancshares) completed its previously-announced merger (the Merger) with Sunshine Financial, Inc. (Sunshine) pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between the First Bancshares and Sunshine, dated as of December 6, 2017 (the Merger Agreement). At the closing, Sunshine merged with and into First Bancshares, with First Bancshares as the surviving corporation. Following the Merger, Sunshines wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Sunshine Community Bank, merged with and into the First Bancshares wholly-owned subsidiary bank, The First, A National Banking Association (The First), with The First as the surviving bank and continuing its corporate existence under the name The First, A National Banking Association (the Bank Merger, and together with the Merger, the Mergers).Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Sunshine shareholders are entitled to receive for each share of Sunshine common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger either 0.93 of a share of the Companys common stock or $27.00 in cash, provided that the total mix of cash consideration and stock consideration to be issued by the Company to holders of Sunshine common stock will be fixed at 75% stock and 25% cash. Each outstanding share of First Bancshares common stock remained outstanding and was unaffected by the Mergers. As a result of the Mergers, First Bancshares will issue approximately 726,461 shares of First Bancshares common stock in the aggregate and pay approximately $7,030,800 in cash to former Sunshine shareholders.The foregoing description of the Mergers and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the Merger Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2018.Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Closing of Acquisition of FMB Banking CorporationEffective October 31, 2018, The First Bancshares, Inc., a Mississippi corporation (the Company or First Bancshares) completed its previously-announced merger (the Merger) with FMB Banking Corporation, a Florida corporation (FMB) pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between the First Bancshares and FMB, dated as of July 23, 2018 (the Merger Agreement). At the closing, FMB merged with and into First Bancshares, with First Bancshares as the surviving corporation. Following the Merger, FMBs wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Farmers & Merchants Bank, merged with and into the First Bancshares wholly-owned subsidiary bank, The First, A National Banking Association (The First), with The First as the surviving bank and continuing its corporate existence under the name The First, A National Banking Association (the Bank Merger, and together with the Merger, the Mergers).Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, FMB shareholders are entitled to receive for each share of FMB common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger either $204.70 in cash or 5.6391 shares of First Bancshares common stock, provided that the total mix of cash consideration and stock consideration to be issued by the Company to holders of FMB common stock will be fixed at 80% stock and 20% cash. Each outstanding share of First Bancshares common stock remained outstanding and was unaffected by the Mergers. As a result of the Mergers, First Bancshares will issue approximately 1,763,076 shares of First Bancshares common stock in the aggregate and pay approximately $16,000,000 in cash to former FMB shareholders.The foregoing description of the Mergers and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the Merger Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 13, 2018.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Under the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company purchased substantially all of the assets of Simple Cork, Inc., including all intellectual property of Simple Cork, whether titled directly to it or to its parent, VPOR, including without limitation, all trademarks (filed or pending), copyrighted material, websites, website content, and the ten (10) patents either awarded and/or pending and any continuation-in-part patent applications that are, or may be in the future, derived thereof and filed for Simple Cork, as detailed on Exhibit A thereto.The Asset Purchase Agreement contains customary terms and conditions for agreements of this type. A copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1. The description of the Asset Purchase Agreement herein is qualified by the terms of the full text of the agreement attached hereto and the terms thereof are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.tem 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsAs previously reported, in November 2017 we entered a transaction agreement with SNH pursuant to which we agreed to sell six senior living communities to SNH for an aggregate sales price of approximately $104.4 million, including SNHs assumption of approximately $33.5 million of mortgage debt principal secured by certain of these senior living communities and excluding closing costs. Also, as previously reported, in December 2017, January 2018 and February 2018, we sold to SNH two of these senior living communities located in Alabama and Indiana, one of these senior living communities located in Tennessee, and one of these senior living communities located in Arizona, respectively. We began managing those senior living communities for the account of SNH upon completion of those sales pursuant to management agreements and pooling agreements between us and SNH. On June 29, 2018, we sold to SNH the remaining two of these senior living communities located in Tennessee for an aggregate sales price of approximately $23.3 million, including SNHs assumption of approximately $16.6 million of mortgage debt principal secured by those senior living communities and excluding closing costs. We began managing those senior living communities for the account of SNH upon completion of those sales pursuant to management agreements and the existing Pooling Agreement No. 12 between us and SNH, which we and SNH amended and restated on June 28, 2018 to include another senior living community owned by SNH and located in California that we began managing for the account of SNH on that date pursuant to a management agreement between us and SNH after the previous tenant defaulted on its lease with SNH.The foregoing references to the transaction agreement and to our management and pooling agreements with SNH are qualified in their entirety by reference to the descriptions of those documents included in Note 9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, or our Quarterly Report, and in Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, or our Annual Report, and to the full text of the transaction agreement, including the forms of management and pooling agreements and other exhibits and schedules thereto, a copy of which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and of our Amended and Restated Pooling Agreement No. 12, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.Information Regarding Certain Relationships and Related Person TransactionsWe were formerly a 100% owned subsidiary of SNH until SNH distributed our common shares to its shareholders in 2001. SNH is currently one of our largest stockholders, owning, as of March 31, 2018, 4,235,000 of our common shares, or approximately 8.4% of our outstanding common shares. SNH is our largest landlord and we manage senior living communities for SNH. One of our Managing Directors, Adam Portnoy, is a managing trustee of SNH. Our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer was formerly SNHs chief financial officer and treasurer. The RMR Group LLC, or RMR LLC, provides management services to both us and SNH. The RMR Group Inc., or RMR Inc., the managing member of RMR LLC, is controlled by Adam Portnoy as the sole trustee of ABP Trust. A subsidiary of ABP Trust is our largest stockholder, owning, as of March 31, 2018, 17,999,999 of our common shares, or approximately 35.6% of our outstanding common shares. SNHs executive officers are officers of RMR LLC. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and our Executive Vice President and General Counsel are officers of RMR LLC. Another subsidiary of ABP Trust is the landlord for our headquarters. Because of the continuing relationships between us and SNH, the terms of the transaction agreement and our management and pooling arrangements with SNH were negotiated and approved by special committees of our Board of Directors and SNHs board of trustees composed of our Independent Directors and SNHs independent trustees who are not also Directors or trustees of the other party, which committees were represented by separate counsel.For further information about these and other such relationships and related person transactions, please see our Quarterly Report, our Annual Report, our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or our Proxy Statement, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including Notes 9, 10 and 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in our Quarterly Report and the sections captioned Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsRelated Person Transactions and Warning Concerning Forward Looking Statements of our Quarterly Report, Notes 9, 11, 15 and 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report and the sections captioned Business, Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsRelated Person Transactions and Warning Concerning Forward Looking Statements of our Annual Report and the section captioned Related Person Transactions and the information regarding our Directors and executive officers included in our Proxy Statement. In addition, please see the2
Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 18, 2018, Forward Industries, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) by and among the Company, Intelligent Product Solutions, Inc. (IPS), the holders of all of the common stock of IPS and Mitchell Maiman (Maiman). In consideration for the acquisition of all of IPS outstanding securities, the Company: (i) paid approximately $1.9 million in cash, (ii) assumed approximately $1.5 million of outstanding debt, (iii) issued a total of 401,835 shares of the Companys common stock to the two owners of IPS, (iii) agreed to pay $1,000,000 of deferred cash payments (with the first payment of $500,000 due on May 18, 2018) and (iv) up to $2.2 million of earnout payments based upon IPS meeting certain EBITDA milestones over a three year period. Additionally, the Company entered into three-year employment agreements with Mitchell Maiman, the President of IPS and Paul Severino, the Chief Operating Officer of IPS, and agreed to pay them each $256,000 per year.In order to fund the acquisition of IPS, the Company issued a $1.6 million promissory note to Forward Industries (Asia-Pacific) Corporation (Forward China) in consideration for a one-year loan. The note bears an interest rate of 8% and pays monthly interest. Forward China is an entity which is principally owned by the Companys Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.Forward Industries (Asia-Pacific) Corporation (Forward China) in consideration for a one-year loan. The note bears an interest rate of 8% and pays monthly interest. Forward China is an entity which is principally owned by the Companys Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement and the form of Employment Agreement, which have been filed as Exhibits 2.1, 4.1 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated in this Form 8-K by reference.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously announced, on February 5, 2018, Del Monte Fresh Produce N.A., Inc. (Del Monte), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. (the Company), Mann Packing Company (Mann Packing) and the holders of all of the outstanding capital stock of Mann Packing entered into a definitive purchase agreement (the Agreement), pursuant to which Del Monte agreed to acquire Mann Packing by purchasing all of its outstanding capital stock for an aggregate consideration of approximately $361 million (the Transaction) funded by cash on hand and borrowings under the Companys existing credit facility (the Credit Facility). On February 26, 2018, the Transaction was completed on the terms set forth in the Agreement, and Mann Packing became a wholly owned subsidiary of Del Monte.The foregoing description of the Agreement and the Transaction does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement itself. A copy of the Agreement is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. The representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements set forth in the Agreement were made only for the purposes of the Agreement and solely for the benefit of the parties thereto and were subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties instead of establishing these matters as facts. In addition, such representations and warranties were made only as of the dates specified in the Agreement, and information regarding the subject matter thereof may have changed and may change after the date of the Agreement. Accordingly, the Agreement should not be viewed as providing any factual information regarding the Company, Del Monte, Mann Packing or their respective businesses as of the date of the Agreement or as of any other date.On February 27, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing Del Montes completion of the Transaction. A copy of the press release is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1.

Item 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.On February 1, 2018, FullTel, Inc. (FullTel), a wholly-owned subsidiary of FullNet Communications, Inc. (the Company), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) with Dobson Technologies  Transport and Telecom Solutions, LLC (Dobson), pursuant to which FullTel sold substantially all of its customers and certain operating assets to Dobson for $246,500 in cash as of the date of execution of the Agreement.On February 1, 2018, FullTel, Inc. (FullTel), a wholly-owned subsidiary of FullNet Communications, Inc. (the Company), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) with Dobson Technologies  Transport and Telecom Solutions, LLC (Dobson), pursuant to which FullTel sold substantially all of its customers and certain operating assets to Dobson for $246,500 in cash as of the date of execution of the Agreement.The foregoing description of the terms of the Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.The Company has attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial information to illustrate the pro forma effects of this transaction on the financial statements of the Company.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 6, 2018, An Agreement for Plan of Merger (the Agreement) was entered by Cannabis Leaf, Inc. (PCFP or Cannabis Leaf) a Nevada Corporation, which is a publicly traded (OTC: PCFP), 1934 Securities Act reporting company, and Apotheca Biosciences, Inc. (hereafter referred to as ABI or Apotheca Biosciences) a Nevada Corporation. Such Agreement will result in the merger of Apotheca Biosciences into Cannabis Leaf, with the Corporation to survive as Apotheca Biosciences.FutureLand Corp will receive 12,000,000 shares of newly issued common stock for its 20% interest in Apotheca Biosciences.Apotheca Biosciences and Cannabis Leaf entered into the Merger Agreement where Cannabis Leaf agreed to deliver to Apotheca Biosciences a certain issuance of sixty million (60,000,000) common shares of Cannabis Leaf, Inc. (the Exchange Shares), in exchange for all shares of Apotheca Biosciences being acquired into Cannabis Leaf, which would result in a change in control of Cannabis Leaf with such issuance. The issuance will result in Apotheca Biosciences being the surviving company under the laws of the State of Nevada. Under the Agreement, upon closing, Apotheca Biosciences will receive the immediate right to appointment of the directors and officers of the surviving company by the resignation of the existing director and officer of Cannabis Leaf, with the simultaneous appointment of two directors and officers being appointed by Apotheca. The issuance of the 60,000,000 common shares of Cannabis Leaf will represent the controlling interest of Cannabis Leaf, Inc. after such merger occurs.Additionally, the Parties have agreed to change the name of Cannabis Leaf, Inc to Apotheca Biosciences, Inc. under Nevada law.Apotheca Biosciences is developing cutting-edge medical products, nutraceuticals, formulation and delivery technologies for the healthcare and consumer care industry. Their pipeline of products includes, transdermal, sublingual, and nasal delivery technologies for precise and controlled dosing of cannabinoids.Apotheca Biosciences is a pioneering biotech company with an emphasis in research and development in addition to the creation of high-grade nutraceuticals and cosmetics. Apothecias goal is to lay the groundwork and continue research of cannabinoid receptiveness in patients and create nutraceuticals that reflects their research.More information on Apotheca Biosciences can be found at: http://www.apothecabiosciences.com/The Parties project the formal closing for the transaction to occur on May 15, 2018, with the release block of control shares. The Company will file a combined audited financial statement under SEC guidelines.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 8, 2018, certain subsidiaries (collectively, the Sellers) of Forestar Group Inc. (the Company) entered into that certain Agreement of Purchase and Sale (the Purchase Agreement) with Starwood Land, L.P. (the Buyer), which is a joint venture between an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group and an affiliate of Land Strategies Management. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Sellers sold to the Buyer certain land, buildings, and other improvements, certain shares and partnership and membership interests, mortgage loans made by certain of the Sellers, and other assets as described in the Purchase Agreement for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $232 million in cash, subject to certain adjustments as described therein. The parties to the Purchase Agreement have each made customary representations and warranties and agreed to customary indemnification obligations.The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.The Purchase Agreement contains representations and warranties by each of the parties to the Purchase Agreement, which were made only for purposes of the Purchase Agreement and as of specified dates. The representations, warranties and covenants in the Purchase Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement, are subject to limitations agreed upon by such parties, including being qualified by schedules, may have been made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties instead of establishing these matters as facts, and are subject to standards of materiality applicable to the parties that may differ from those applicable to others. Others should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties to the Purchase Agreement or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys public disclosures.


Item 2.01Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On August 1, 2018, the Company completed the Maxim Acquisition (the Closing) pursuant to the Purchase Agreement by and between the Company, Maxim, the Sellers, and the Sellers Representative dated July 30, 2018, attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1. The Company issued 4,311,169 restricted shares of its Common Stock to the Sellers in exchange for 100% of the outstanding Maxim Interests, at an agreed-upon value of $0.76 per share of Common Stock, which was equal to the 30-day volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock as of three (3) business days prior to the Closing. Due to the Maxim Acquisition, Reeg is a beneficial owner of more than ten percent (10%) of the Common Stock of the Company.Exhibit 2.130-day
Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 24, 2018, General Cannabis Corp., a Colorado corporation (the Company), entered into a limited liability company operating agreement (the Operating Agreement) with DNFC LLC (DNFC), pursuant to which the Company and DNFC formed Desert Created Company LLC (Desert Created Company). Pursuant to the Operating Agreement, each party owns a 50% interest in Desert Created Company, and each party serves as a managing member. Desert Created Company will, among other things, provide certain service management services to holders of medical marijuana licensees in Arizona. In connection with the formation of Desert Created Company, the Company contributed 75,000 shares of the Companys common stock and warrants to purchase 75,000 shares of the Companys common stock, at an exercise price of $2.00 per share, to members of DNFC.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets(i)Closing of the Exchange Agreement with EPOINT Payment Corp. and with Fintech Holdings LLC.On February 15, 2018, Genesis Financial, Inc. (Genesis Financial) completed the transactions contemplated by the previously disclosed Capital Stock Exchange Agreement entered into as of September 8, 2017, as subsequently amended (the Epoint Exchange Agreement), by Genesis Financial and EPOINT Payment Corp., a Delaware corporation (Epoint). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, Genesis Financial issued to the Epoint stockholders an aggregate of 8,231,536 (post-reverse split) shares of its common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Parent Common Stock) and in exchange for all of their capital holdings in Epoint.At the closing, Genesis Financial also issued warrants to purchase up to an additional 2,815,250 shares of Parent Common Stock (the Parent Warrants) in exchange for an equal number of Epoint common stock warrants. Of these, Parent Warrants for 845,000 shares were issued to former Epoint shareholders and are exercisable through February 12, 2028 at a per share exercise price of $3.00 and Parent Warrants for 1,970,250 Parent Common Stock, which are exercisable through February 12, 2023 at a per share exercise price of $3.00, were issued to certain partners, associates, and designees of Whitestone Investment Network, Inc. (Whitestone), a mergers and acquisition advisory group which was instrumental in introducing the management of Epoint to Genesis Financial and to SmartPay (discussed further below in this current report under this Item 2.01), and in structuring the Epoint Exchange Agreement, the Fintech Exchange Agreement (discussed further below) and the agreement with SmartPay.Prior to the closing of the Epoint Exchange Agreement, several accredited investors provided Epoint with working capital comprised of $1.9 million in principal amount of unsecured convertible and non-convertible loans as described below in the following three paragraphs.Epoint issued to five accredited investors six-month unsecured non-convertible promissory notes bearing interest at 6% per annum in the aggregate principal amount of $1.55 million, with maturity dates between May 20, 2018 and July 4, 2018.In addition, Epoint entered into convertible loan agreements with two accredited investors pursuant to which it issued unsecured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal of $250,000, which principal and accrued interest were converted at the closing of the Epoint Exchange Agreement into 100,000 shares of Parent Common Stock at a deemed conversion rate of $2.50 per share.Finally, Epoint entered into a convertible loan agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which it issued unsecured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal of $100,000 which are scheduled to mature on December 31, 2018 and bearing interest at 10% per annum. The principal and interest under these notes are convertible, at any time at the option of the holder, into Parent Common Stock at a per share price equal to $2.50 or, automatically convert, upon the public offering of Parent Common Stock, at a per share price equal to 70% of the price per share at such offering or, in the absence of an offering, at a per share price equal to 70% of the trading price of the Parent Company Common Stock for the five trading days immediately preceding the maturity date.In anticipation of the transactions contemplated by the Epoint Exchange Agreement and as required under the terms thereof, on December 12, 2017 Genesis Financial implemented a 1-for-20 reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of the Parent Common Stock (the Reverse Split) immediately2following the effectiveness of which every 20 issued and outstanding shares of the Parents Common Stock automatically converted into one share of the Parents Common Stock. All fractional interests resulting from the Reverse Split were rounded up to the nearest whole number. All share figures represented in this current report are reported on post Reverse Split basis.Immediately following the closing of the Epoint Exchange Agreement, on February 15, 2018, Genesis Financial and Fintech Holdings LLC (Fintech LLC) an Oregon limited liability company, signed and closed a Membership Interest Exchange Agreement between Genesis Financial and Fintech LLC (the Fintech Exchange Agreement) pursuant to which Genesis Financial issued to the members of Fintech an aggregate of 26,435,604 shares of Parent Common Stock. Fintech Investments Inc., the wholly owned subsidiary of Fintech LLC (Fintech Investments) and a company formerly owned and operated by Gary Larkin, the newly appointed Executive Co-Chairman of Genesis Financial, is a substantial provider to Epoint of all mobile connectivity, third party product partner integrated support, core platform development, software and integrated technologies systems support.Following the closing of the Epoint Exchange Agreement and the subsequent Fintech Exchange Agreement (hereinafter Closings), Gary Larkin, the Chief Executive Officer and sole director of Epoint, was appointed as Executive Co-Chairman of the Genesis Financial Board of Directors and Roy Rose, the Chief Executive Officer and a current director, was appointed as Co-Chairman and Murray Smith was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Each of Messrs. Larkin, Rose and Smith entered into employment agreements with Genesis Financial, effective as of the Closings. At the Closings, each of Mr. John Coghlan, a director and formerly chief financial officer, Ms. Virginia Walters, a director and treasurer and secretary, and Clint Lohman, a director, resigned from all positions with the Company.Ms. Virginia Walters, a director and treasurer and secretary, and Clint Lohman, a director, resigned from all positions with the Company.See Item 8.01 below of this current report under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management for disclosures relating to the shareholdings of Genesis Financial by each of Gary Larkin, the Executive Co-Chairman, and Roy Rose, the Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman, following the Closing, disclosures under the caption Directors and Executive Officers for information relating to the employment arrangements entered into by Genesis Financial and each of Roy Rose, Gary Larkin and Murray Smith, and Related Party Transactions for additional disclosures relating to Gary Larkin.In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification section 805, Business Combinations, Genesis Financial will account for the transaction as a reverse business combination using the acquisition method. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that will be reflected in Genesis Financials consolidated financial statements going forward will be those of Epoint and Fintech LLC and will be recorded at the historical cost basis of Epoint and Fintech LLC.The shares of Parent Common Stock and Parent Warrants issued at the Closings were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and were in each case offered, sold and issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4 (a) (2) of the Securities Act, as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering, and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Each of the former stockholders of Epoint and unit holders of Fintech LLC represented that it was an accredited investor as such term is defined under Rule 501 and each of the certificates or instruments evidencing the shares of Parent Common Stock and/or warrants to acquire additional shares of Parent Common Stock issued to the former stockholders of Epoint and unit holders of Fintech LLC will bear a legend to the effect that the resale of such shares require registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.Following the Closings, each of Epoint and Fintech LLC became wholly owned subsidiaries of Genesis Financial. The diagram below represents the corporate structure of Genesis Financial following the Closings.3Corporate structure of Genesis Financial after the Closings (diagram above).Prior to the Closings, Genesis Financial was engaged in the business of buying and selling seller financed real estate loans and originating commercial real estate loans and providing start-up funding (the Prior Business). In connection with the Closings and as mandated by the terms of the Epoint Exchange Agreement, Genesis Financial and the Coghlan Family Corporation (the Coghlan Family Corporation), an entity controlled by John R. Coghlan, one of directors and the holder of the majority of the outstanding debt of Genesis Financial prior to the Closings, entered into an agreement with Genesis Financial pursuant to which the Coghlan Family Corporation agreed, at a mutually agreeable date after the Closings, to assume and otherwise discharge all of Genesis Financials outstanding debt, except for a loan of $100,000 payable to Coghlan Family Corporation (the CFC Loan), in consideration of the transfer to it by Genesis Financial of the assets related to the Prior Business (the Purchase and Sale Agreement). The CFC loan bears interest at an annual rate of 6% and matures on May 15, 2018. The CFC Loan provides that on the date of maturity Genesis Financial will issue to Coghlan Family Corporation 40,000 shares of Parent Common Stock , representing a ratio of one share for each $2.50 of CFC Loan principal.Following the Closings and related transactions, there were outstanding 35,646,890 shares of Parent Common Stock and Parent Warrants for an additional 2,815,250 shares of Parent Common Stock.The foregoing description of the Epoint Exchange Agreement does not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the complete text of the Epoint Exchange Agreement and subsequent amendments thereto filed as exhibits to pervious Current Reports on Form 8-K. The foregoing description of the Fintech Exchange Agreement, the Parent Warrants and the Purchase and Sale Agreement does not purport to be complete and is in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Fintech Exchange Agreement, the form of Parent Warrants and the Purchase and Sale Agreement filed as Exhibits 10.1, 4.1 and 10.7, respectively, to this current report.Following the Closings, Genesis Financial relocated its executive offices to 11920 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 200, Las Vegas, Nevada 89141.4(ii)The Execution of the Agreement with SmartPay Leasing LLC.On February 15, 2018, Epoint entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the SmartPay MIPA) with WNLI Holdings, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Ohio (Seller), and Smartpay Leasing LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (SmartPay), pursuant to which Epoint agreed to purchase from the Seller all of the outstanding membership interests of SmartPay for consideration of $48.5 million in cash and the assumption by Epoint of certain specified liabilities of SmartPay. Under the terms of the SmartPay MIPA, Epoint is permitted to assign to Genesis Financial, all of its rights under the agreement.SmartPay is a technology-driven company that partners with the leading wireless retailers and prepaid phone carriers nationwide providing innovative mobile device leasing solutions. SmartPay enables individuals to obtain mobile devices, accessories and related products, both online and in-store with products applicable to a wide spectrum of consumer credit profiles.The SmartPay MIPA contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnification provisions, including, among others, a covenant that requires SmartPay to conduct its business in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice and to comply with certain covenants regarding the operations of its business from the date of the execution of the SmartPay MIPA until closing.The closing of the transactions contemplated under the SmartPay MIPA is subject to customary closing conditions, including the raising by Genesis Financial of approximately $60 million to cover the purchase price, related costs and continuing operations. Genesis Financial had previously entered into an agreement with a leading investment bank to raise the necessary amounts. Genesis Financial currently has no commitments from any party for the needed amounts and no assurance can be provided that Genesis Financial will be able to raise the necessary amount on commercial terms acceptable to Genesis Financial.The SmartPay MIPA provides for certain termination rights of the parties, including termination by a party if the closing does not occur on or before May 15, 2018.SmartPay was founded in 2015 and is based in San Francisco, California.If Genesis Financial successfully consummates the acquisition of SmartPay as contemplated by the terms of the SmartPay MIPA, of which no guarantee can be provided, then it is planned that SmartPay will operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Genesis Financial. Assuming Genesis Financial consummates the SmartPay acquisition, the following diagram represents the corporate structure of Genesis Financial post acquisition of SmartPay.5Pro Forma Corporate structure of Genesis Financial post-closing of the SmartPay acquisition (diagram below)The foregoing descriptions of the SmartPay MIPA do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the complete text of the SmartPay MIPA attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On the Closing Date, we completed the acquisition of Atlantis pursuant to the Exchange Agreement. As a result, Atlantis became our wholly-owned subsidiary which was incorporated in Malaysia on July 2, 2013.We have included the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10, including a complete description of the business and operations of Atlantis below, which is incorporated herein by reference.11Form 10 InformationBusinessOverviewIncorporated on July 2, 2013 under the laws of Malaysia, Atlantis provides innovative IT solutions in assisting hotels in the Southeast Asia region with their online reservation system. This helps the hotels reduce their dependencies on third-party travel sites and attract potential customers to book directly from the hotel website. Further, Atlantis assists such hospitality providers to leverage data as one of their most important business assets and enable hotel managers and business analysts to make up-to-the-minute statistically driven decisions and capitalize on revenue opportunities. Atlantiss product includes solutions that would identify industry trends, improve business processes, and uncover risks that might otherwise go unnoticed, minimizing reporting errors, omissions, or duplicate information and therefore providing misleading information. The system is also helping its users to increase their efficiency in analyzing reports and provide the users with a more comprehensive insight to customer behavior at a much lower cost. With the help of the product, Atlantiss clients are learning more about its potential customers, optimizing their business operations and improve their customer service.Online Reservation SystemAtlantiss main product is an online reservation system by the name of Atlantis, which helps its clients reduce their dependencies on third-party travel sites and attract potential customers to book directly from the hotel website. It charges the hotels a fixed monthly retainer for the use of our product. It also upsells its services by providing additional services such as business intelligence reporting that allow the hotels to identify industry trends, improve business processes, and uncover risks that might otherwise go unnoticed, minimizing reporting errors, omissions, or duplicate information and therefore provide misleading information. Additionally, it provides marketing advisory and online marketing services for the hotels to expand their customer reach and popularity.CompetitionAtlantis competes against both local and global hotel reservation companies. It believes that its major competitors within Southeast Asia include, among others, Fastbooking, Directwithhotels, Siteminder and Travelclicks.While the industry is highly competitive, Atlantis believes that its product has an advantage over others for a number of reasons. First, because Atlantis only targets the hotels within Southeast Asia, a region that it understands the culture and has the local know-how, it can provide tailored local services and personalized relationship with each of its clients. The competitors with international presence do not necessarily have the best local presence, as their support teams are connected through helpdesks and call centers. Atlantis, however, has physical offices in the areas where it serves its hotel clients and therefore could offer local customer care service. Second, because Atlantis has local customer service teams in areas it has established, or plan to establish its presence, it can offer immediate response to address issues raised by its client. Third, as additional features for using its product, it offers business intelligence and online marketing services that its competitors do not.Marketing and PromotionOffline Marketing Activities. Atlantis has a sales team on the ground to reach out to potential clients through cold phone calls or personal meetings. The sales team receives commission for successful generation of product subscriptions. In addition, it leverages its presence in local cities to promote and raise awareness of its products.Online Marketing Activities. To further promote its brand, Atlantis also takes advantage of the Internet and various mobile social network applications, such as Facebook and Twitter, through which it introduces basic products and services information, market research and updates to our clients.At this moment, new clients are coming to Atlantis through referrals from existing clients and it believes that word-of-mouth is an especially effective marketing tool for IT product, as its product mainly relies on user experience. Atlantis intends to engage in regional marketing initiatives to further raise its brand awareness while continuing to improve client satisfaction to strengthen its word-of-mouth referrals. Atlantis also encourages its employees to introduce or recommend new clients to the company by providing incentive bonuses.SuppliersAtlantis purchased a portion of services from two vendors (77% and 18%) for the nine months ended September 30, 2017. These two vendors are Fiverr International Ltd. and Google.CustomersAtlantis generated a portion of its revenues from five major customers (14-21% each) for the nine months ended September 30, 2017, including: Reliance Way Sdn Bhd, V.K.K. Hotels & Resorts Sdn Bhd, Neo Induction Advance Sdn Bhd, 3M Bintang Sdn Bhd and Platinum Recognition Sdn Bhd.EmployeesAtlantis currently has 1 employee as sale person apart from our officers and directors.22SeasonalityWhile there are certain holidays that Atlantiss client hotels may experience high demand for reservations, the clients are currently using Atlantiss system daily and therefore it does not expect to have a seasonal business cycle.Environmental MattersAtlantiss business currently does not implicate any environmental regulation.Intellectual PropertyAtlantis does not hold any patents, trademarks or other registered intellectual property on products relating to its business. Atlantis obtained a software developed by a Philippines company free of charge and the related costs were carried at the Philippines company. The Philippines Company is a related party operated and owned under common control. However, in addition to Atlantiss domain name, from time to time, it may apply for patents, trademarks or other registered intellectual property essential to the protection of its brand and success of its business.Domain NamesOur website is www.theatlantiscompany.com.Description of PropertiesAtlantiss principal executive office and mailing address is 100.3.037, 129 Offices, Block J, Jaya One, No. 72A, Jalan Universiti, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia. Atlantiss telephone number is 60123838521. As Atlantis is not generating significant revenues at this time to justify a separate corporate office, the office space of its principal executive office is provided by Marketify Consulting Sdn Bhd, a company owned by the Atlantiss director at no cost. Once its business grows and generates sufficient revenue, it will look for a more suitable office space in a separate corporate office.Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsThe following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of Atlantis for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, and for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2017 and 2016. Such discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with its financial statements and the related notes thereto and other financial information contained elsewhere in this report.OverviewIncorporated on July 2, 2013 under the laws of Malaysia, Atlantis provides innovative IT solutions in assisting hotels in the Southeast Asia region with their online reservation system. This helps the hotels reduce their dependencies on third-party travel sites and attract potential customers to book directly from the hotel website. Further, Atlantis assists such hospitality providers to leverage data as one of their most important business assets and enable hotel managers and business analysts to make up-to-the-minute statistically driven decisions and capitalize on revenue opportunities. Atlantiss product includes solutions that would identify industry trends, improve business processes, and uncover risks that might otherwise go unnoticed, minimizing reporting errors, omissions, or duplicate information and therefore providing misleading information. The system is also helping its users to increase their efficiency in analyzing reports and provide the users with a more comprehensive insight to customer behavior at a much lower cost. With the help of the product, Atlantiss clients are learning more about its potential customers, optimizing their business operations and improve their customer service.Plan of OperationsFor the first quarter of 2018 and after the acquisition, Glocorp and Atlantis will be focusing on expanding our client base. The Company is in the process of hiring two additional sales staff. The additional sales staff are expected to canvas the central and south region of Malaysia, to bring in additional hotel clients.In the second quarter, we plan to continue our client canvassing to north Malaysia and Singapore, and we expect to bring in an additional two sales staff, one sales coordinator and one technical staff. This technical staff is used for client coordination and communication with our software programmers.In the third quarter, we will redirect focus of two sales staff to introduce new products to the existing hotel clients. The new products are the Property Management System and Online Proposal System. The property management system will be integrated to our existing products for the clients to manage their hotels more efficiently. The Online Proposal System is to assist the hotel clients to accept online bookings of their conference rooms and banquet halls.In the fourth quarter, our sales team will continue with the sales efforts within Malaysia and Singapore, and the management team will be studying the viability of setting up a sales office in Thailand.33Results of OperationsComparison of results of operations of Atlantis for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2017 and 2016RevenuesAtlantis had revenues of $23,612 and $19,338 during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. There was a slight growth in revenue due to securing of additional clients.Cost of RevenuesAtlantis had cost of revenues of $2,542 and $3,517 for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The Company incurred lower marketing cost for existing companies in 2017.Operating expenseAtlantis incurred operating expenses in the amount of $15,526 in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2017 as compared to $13,809 in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. The increase was mainly due to higher salary payout.Comparison of results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015RevenuesAtlantis had revenues of $26,038 and $2,278 during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company started its operations and brought in its first few clients in 2015. In 2016, the Company recorded a complete year of revenue from its existing clients and generated additional revenues from new clients signed up during the year.Cost of RevenuesAtlantis had cost of revenues of $10,816 and $131 during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase was mainly due to the increases in revenues and related marketing costs.Operating expenseAtlantis incurred operating expenses in the amount of $28,098 for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to $6,477 for the year ended December 31, 2015. Atlantis started its operations very late in 2015 and therefore only incurred minimal salary costs. In 2016, the Company recorded a full year operating related expenses such as salaries.Liquidity and Capital ResourcesAs of September 30, 2017, Atlantis had total assets and liabilities of $5,244 and $13,098, respectively. We had a stockholders deficit of $7,854 as of September 30, 2017. Our cash and cash equivalents balance as of September 30, 2017 was $1,276.As of September 30, 2017, Atlantis had nominal assets and had generated nominal revenues since inception. It currently has no material commitments for capital expenditures. It will be required to raise additional funds if we are unable to generate positive cash flow as a result of our operations. The Company estimates that based on current plans and assumptions, that its available cash will not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements under our present operating expectations, without further financing, for the next 12 months. In addition, the company received funding and capital resources from related parties. However, as of the date of this registration statement, such related parties do not have any existing obligation to advance funds or working capital to support our business, nor can the company rely on any advance funds from such related parties.Other than working capital, Atlantis presently has no other alternative source of working capital. It may not have sufficient working capital to fund the expansion of its operations and to provide working capital necessary for our ongoing operations and obligations. Glocorp and Atlantis may need to raise significant additional capital to fund our operating expenses, pay our obligations, and grow our company. Therefore, our future operations may be dependent on our ability to secure additional financing. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. However, a downturn in the U.S. equity and debt markets could make it more difficult to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect amounts owed to us, or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of Glocorps Common Stock. The inability to obtain additional capital will restrict our ability to grow and may reduce our ability to continue to conduct business operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we will likely be required to curtail our marketing and development plans and possibly cease our operations.44We anticipate that, depending on market conditions and our plan of operations, we expect to incur operating losses in the foreseeable future. Therefore, our auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.Our liquidity may be negatively impacted by the significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly.Going ConcernAs of September 30, 2017, Atlantis had an accumulated deficit of $13,550 and a working capital deficit of $7,854. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund the business and attaining profitable contracts. At September 30, 2017, Atlantis had cash and cash equivalents of $1,276. It expects to finance its operations primarily through its existing cash and additional advances from related parties and from the contemplated transaction with Glocorp a related party. Glocorp Inc. and Atlantis will also seek other financing opportunities to obtain additional capital in the future to continue operations.Significant and Critical Accounting Policies and PracticesWhile our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 to our financial statements, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this management discussion and analysis.Foreign CurrencyThe accounts of the Company are maintained in the Malaysian $. The accounts of the Company are translated into USD, with the Malaysian $ as the functional currency. All assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, stockholders equity is translated at historical rates and statement of operations items are translated at the weighted average exchange rate for the period. The resulting translation adjustments are reported under other comprehensive income. Gains and losses resulting from the translations of foreign currency transactions and balances are reflected in the statement of operations and other comprehensive income (loss).Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful AccountsAccounts receivable are stated at historical carrying amounts, net of write-offs and allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company reviews the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts on an ongoing basis, using the age of receivables and knowledge of the individual customers. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Delinquent account balances are written-off after management has determined that the likelihood of collection is not probable and known bad debts are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when identified. As of September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016, there was no allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable.Revenue RecognitionThe Company recognizes revenues when all of the following have occurred: persuasive evidence of arrangement with the customer, services have been performed, fees are fixed or determinable and collectability of the fees is reasonably assured.Income TaxesAn asset and liability approach is used for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between income tax and financial reporting and principally relate to recognition of revenue and expenses in different periods for financial and tax accounting purposes and are measured using currently enacted tax rates and laws. In addition, a deferred tax asset can be generated by net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs). If it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recognized.In the event the Company is charged interest or penalties related to income tax matters, the Company would record such interest as interest expense and would record such penalties as other expense in the consolidated statement of operations. No such charges have been incurred by the Company. As of December 31, 2016, the Company has no accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions.55The Company is subject to income tax in Malaysia, which have a statutory income tax rate of 19% for the capital is not more than Malaysian $2.5 million and profit is less than Malaysian $500,000.Contractual ObligationsAtlantis does not have any contractual obligations at this time.Off Balance Sheet ArrangementAtlantis does not have any off-balance sheet arrangement.Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and ManagementThe following table sets forth, as of January 24, 2018, after giving effect to the Share Exchange transaction, information with respect to the securities holdings of (i) our officers and directors, and (ii) all persons which, pursuant to filings with the SEC and our stock transfer records, we have reason to believe may be deemed the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of the common stock. The securities beneficially owned by an individual are determined in accordance with the definition of beneficial ownership set forth in the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and, accordingly, may include securities owned by or for, among others, the spouse and/or minor children of an individual and any other relative who resides in the same home as such individual, as well as other securities as to which the individual has or shares voting or investment power or which each person has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of options or otherwise. Beneficial ownership may be disclaimed as to certain of the securities.Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of the Company, 100.3.037, 129 Offices, Block J, Jaya One, No. 72A, Jalan Universiti, Section 13, Petaling Jaya, Malaysia 46200.Name Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent of Class (1) Wendel Del Rosario Santos, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 25,001,000 20.00% Franz Elioe Narcis, Chief Financial Officer and Director 46,901,000 37.52% Low Koon Poh, Director 7,001,000 5.60% Chan Foo Weng, Director 8,650,000 6.92% All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (4 people) 87,553,000 70.04% 5% Shareholders: Rossetta Llamas 12,500,000 10.00% Michael Santos 12,500,000 10.00%Number of Shares Beneficially OwnedPercent of Class (1)Wendel Del Rosario Santos, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 25,001,000 20.00%25,001,00020.00%Franz Elioe Narcis, Chief Financial Officer and Director 46,901,000 37.52%46,901,00037.52%Low Koon Poh, Director 7,001,000 5.60%7,001,0005.60%Chan Foo Weng, Director 8,650,000 6.92%8,650,0006.92%All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (4 people) 87,553,000 70.04%87,553,00070.04%5% Shareholders:Rossetta Llamas 12,500,000 10.00%12,500,00010.00%Michael Santos 12,500,000 10.00%12,500,00010.00%(1) Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. (2) Based on 125,003,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding after the closing of the Share Exchange transaction.Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights.(2) Based on 125,003,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding after the closing of the Share Exchange transaction.Based on 125,003,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding after the closing of the Share Exchange transaction.66Directors and OfficersThere is no change to the current directors and officers of the Company.The following table sets forth the names and ages of officers and directors as of the date hereof. Our executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors. Our executive officers hold their offices until they resign, are removed by the Board, or a successor is elected and qualified.Name Age Position Wendel Del Rosario Santos 37 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Franz Elioe Narcis 30 Chief Financial Officer and Director Hang Chuan Teh 32 Chief Operating Officer Low Koon Poh 45 Director Chan Foo Weng 52 DirectorAgePositionWendel Del Rosario Santos 37 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director37President, Chief Executive Officer and DirectorFranz Elioe Narcis 30 Chief Financial Officer and Director30Chief Financial Officer and DirectorHang Chuan Teh 32 Chief Operating Officer32Chief Operating OfficerLow Koon Poh 45 Director45DirectorChan Foo Weng 52 Director52DirectorSet forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officer and director for the past five years.Wendel Del Rosario Santos  President, Chief Executive Officer and DirectorMr. Santos has been our President, Chief Executive Officer and Director since the incorporation of our company. He has also been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Glocorp IT Solutions Inc in the Philippines since December 11, 2007, providing web hosting and other web services within the Philippines. With the creation of its product under the name of Atlantis, the company is a pioneer in the online reservation management systems in the hotel industry in Southeast Asia. The business grew quickly through and has recently expanded to Malaysia & Singapore.Mr. Santos holds a Bachelors Degree in Computer Engineering from Don Bosco Technical School in the Philippines.Franz Elioe Narcis  Chief Financial Officer and DirectorMr. Narcis has been our Director since inception and Chief Financial Officer since May 4, 2017. Mr. Narcis has also been the director of Marketify Consulting Sdn Bhd, a digital consulting company since January 2013. Helping clients develop and execute digital strategies for many brands and products, Mr. Narcis oversees Marketifys operations and lead consultant for all projects. From September 2010 to January 2013, Mr. Narcis worked as a Product Manager for IPGA Ltd, an Australian-based company which owns property portals across Asia for 3 years. Mr. Narcis was in charge of companys advertising products and brand outreach towards property developers, real estate brokers and buyers.Mr. Narcis holds a Diploma Certificate in Culinary Arts from KDU College in Malaysia.Low Koon Poh - DirectorMr. Low has been our Director since inception and was our Chief Financial Officer from inception to May 4, 2017. Since December 31, 2015, Mr. Low has also been the Director of Mon Space Net Inc., a creator of an online business to business marketplace, and was the CEO, CFO, Treasurer and Secretary of the same company from December 31, 2015 to June 1, 2016. Mr. Lows duty as the Director primarily involves providing advice on the organization and maintenance of corporate governance. Since June 2015, Mr. Low has served as President, Secretary, Treasurer, CFO and Director of NextGlass Technologies Corporation, which is primarily an electronic company specializing in smart glass technology. His role mainly involves ensuring the companys compliance with the necessary regulatory and internal control procedures.Since January 2009, Mr. Low has managed his own accounting services practice and has been the President of KL Management Services in Petaling Jaya, Malaysia. Mr. Low has also been the President of IPO Partners Limited, a corporate advisory firm since April 2015. Mr. Low has worked on corporate projects involving mergers and acquisitions, initial public offerings, corporate restructuring, reverse mergers in Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan.Prior to his position at KL Management Service, Mr. Low worked as auditor for an international audit firm, an accountant for a Japanese MNC, plus a couple of years as Financial Controller for two public listed companies in Malaysia. Mr. Low has 22 years of combined experience in corporate finance, auditing and accounting in various industries such as construction, plantation, hotels, property, manufacturing, marketing and many more.Mr. Low is a Fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) and a Practicing Chartered Accountant under Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA).Chan Foo Weng, DirectorMr. Chan has been our Director since the beginning. Mr. Chan has also been the Managing Director of IPO Partners Limited since April 2015, leveraging his extensive background in finance, operations & marketing from various industries and helping companies go public at different stock exchanges worldwide. Prior to that, He was the director of Moxian Malaysia Sdn Bhd. From January 2011 to February 2013, Mr. Chan was the CEO of MX International Sdn Bhd. With vast working experience, Chan Foo Weng had also held top positions in several highly-acclaimed companies such as Thrifty Payless Incorporated (US), Berjaya Cosway and Diners Club International.Mr. Chan holds a degree in Management from Southern Illinois University, USA and has over 25 years of experience in corporate management.77Term of OfficeOur directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board.Executive CompensationNo compensation was paid to the directors and officers of Atlantis as of December 31, 2017 and 2016.Atlantis does not have any employment agreements with any of its directors or executive officers.No retirement, pension, profit sharing, insurance programs, long-term incentive plans or other similar programs have been adopted by Atlantis for the benefit of its employees.Transactions with RelatedPersons, Promoters and Certain Control PersonsAs of September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016, Atlantis had payables to two directors of $11,753 and $20,022. The directors paid business expenses on behalf of Atlantis. These payables are interest free, unsecured, and due on demand.As of September 30, 2017, Atlantis had a payable of $1,345 to a company controlled by a director. The related party provided professional services such as bookkeeping to the Company.Atlantis used the workplace and office equipment provided by Marketify Consulting Sdn Bhd, a company owned by Atlantis director, free of charge.On August 7, 2017, Atlantis issued 20,000 shares of common stock at par value to settle advances of $4,676 from a director.Legal ProceedingsFrom time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.Market Price and Dividends on Our Common Equityand Related Stockholder MattersMarket InformationThere is presently no public market for our shares of common stock. We anticipate applying for quoting of our common stock on the OTCQB in the near future. However, we can provide no assurance that our shares of common stock will be quoted on the OTCQB or, if quoted, that a public market will materialize.HoldersAs of January 30, 2018, there were approximately 30 stockholders of record of our common stock.DividendsAny future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors. We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to pay dividends, subject to the approval of our stockholders. Even if our board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant.88Equity Compensation PlansWe do not have in effect any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance and we do not have any outstanding stock options.Recent Sales of Unregistered SecuritiesOn January 24, 2018, we issued a total of 20,003,000 shares of common stock to the former Atlantis Shareholders named below in connection with the Share Exchange transaction:Name Number of Shares Franz Elioe Narcis 20,001,000 Wendel Del Rosario Santos 1,000 Low Koon Poh 1,000 Total 20,003,000Number of SharesFranz Elioe Narcis 20,001,00020,001,000Wendel Del Rosario Santos 1,0001,000Low Koon Poh 1,0001,000Total 20,003,00020,003,000These shares were issued in an off-shore transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act under Rule 903 of Regulation S of the Securities Act. None of the former Atlantis Shareholders is a US Person (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S), the Company did not employ any directed selling efforts in connection with the acquisition, and each of the certificates representing the shares issued to the former Atlantis Shareholders was endorsed with restrictive legends consistent with the exemption provided by Regulation S.Description of SecuritiesGeneralWe have authorized 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share. As of the date hereof, 125,003,000 shares of our common stock are issued and outstanding.Common StockThe shareholders of our common stock currently have: (i) equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available therefore, when, as and if declared by the Board; (ii) are entitled to share ratably in all of the assets of the Company available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company; (iii) do not have pre-emptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights applicable thereto; and (iv) are entitled to one non-cumulative vote per share on all matters on which stock holders may vote. This means that the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares voting for the election of directors can elect all directors to be elected if they choose to do so. Please refer to the Companys Articles of Incorporation, by-laws and the applicable statutes of the State of Nevada for a more complete description of the rights and liabilities of holders of the Companys securities.We currently intend to retain our entire available discretionary cash flow to finance the growth, development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future dividends will be paid at the discretion of the Board.If we liquidate or dissolve our business, the shareholders of our common stock will share ratably in all our assets that are available for distribution to our stockholders after our creditors are paid in full and the holders of all series of our outstanding preferred stock, if any, receive their liquidation preferences in full.Preferred StockAt the direction of our Board of Directors, without any action by the holders of our common stock, we may issue one or more series of preferred stock from time to time. Our Board of Directors can determine the number of shares of each series of preferred stock, the designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions applicable to any of those rights, including dividend rights, voting rights, conversion or exchange rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, of each series.Undesignated preferred stock may enable our Board of Directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger or otherwise, and thereby to protect the continuity of our management. The issuance of shares of preferred stock may adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. For example, any preferred stock issued may rank prior to the common stock as to dividend rights, liquidation preference or both, may have full or limited voting rights and may be convertible into shares of common stock. As a result, the issuance of shares of preferred stock, or the issuance of rights to purchase shares of preferred stock, may discourage an unsolicited acquisition proposal or bids for our common stock or may otherwise adversely affect the market price of our common stock or any existing preferred stock.99DividendsWe have not paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our Board and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations.Transfer Agent and RegistrarOur independent stock transfer agent is VStock Transfer LLC, located at 18 Lafayette Pl, Woodmere, NY 11598.Indemnification of Directors and OfficersThe Company is incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes provides that a Nevada corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, does not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and that, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, he had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.Section 78.7502 further provides a Nevada corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys' fees actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper.Section 78.751 of the Nevada Revised Statutes provides that discretionary indemnification under Section 78.7502 unless ordered by a court or advanced pursuant to subsection 2 of section 78.751, may be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances. The determination must be made by: By the stockholders;By the stockholders; By the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding;By the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding; If a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; orIf a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or If a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion.If a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion.The Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws or an agreement made by the corporation may provide that the expenses of officers and directors incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding must be paid by the corporation as they are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation. The provisions of this subsection do not affect any rights to advancement of expenses to which corporate personnel other than directors or officers may be entitled under any contract or otherwise by law.1010The indemnification and advancement of expenses authorized in or ordered by a court pursuant to NRS Section 78.751: does not exclude any other rights to which a person seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the articles of incorporation or any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, for either an action in his official capacity or an action in another capacity while holding his office, except that indemnification, unless ordered by a court pursuant to section 78.7502 or for the advancement of expenses made pursuant to subsection 2 of section 78.751, may not be made to or on behalf of any director or officer if a final adjudication establishes that his acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of the law and was material to the cause of action; anddoes not exclude any other rights to which a person seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the articles of incorporation or any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, for either an action in his official capacity or an action in another capacity while holding his office, except that indemnification, unless ordered by a court pursuant to section 78.7502 or for the advancement of expenses made pursuant to subsection 2 of section 78.751, may not be made to or on behalf of any director or officer if a final adjudication establishes that his acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of the law and was material to the cause of action; and continues for a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and inures to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.continues for a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and inures to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.Insofar as indemnification by us for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or persons controlling the company pursuant to provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification by such director, officer or controlling person of us in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being offered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.At the present time, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving a director, officer, employee or other agent of ours in which indemnification would be required or permitted. We are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding, which may result in a claim for such indemnification.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 28, 2018, Goodrich Petroleum Corporation (the Company), through its wholly owned subsidiary Goodrich Petroleum Company, L.L.C., closed, in two separate transactions, the sale of working interests in certain oil and gas leases, wells, units and facilities and certain net leasehold interests in a portion of its undeveloped acreage in the Angelina River Trend in Angelina and Nacogdoches Counties, Texas to BP America Production Company (BP) for total consideration of approximately $23 million, with an effective date of January 1, 2018 (the Disposition). The Disposition is subject to customary post-closing adjustments.The Company will use a portion of the proceeds from the Disposition to pay off its revolver, with plans to accelerate development of its North Louisiana Haynesville asset in the second half of 2018.Prior to the Disposition, there were no material relationships between BP, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its affiliates, directors, officers or any associate of such directors or officers, on the other hand.


Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 7, 2018, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Green Spirit Mendocino, LLC (GS Mendocino), entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement) with Coastal Patient Network d/b/a The Green Room Wellness Center (the Seller), pursuant to which GS Mendocino will acquire all of the assets relating to a retail cannabis business in Point Arena, Mendocino County, California (the Retail Business) for total cash consideration of $350,000 (the Purchase Price), subject to certain closing conditions. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, GS Mendocino will purchase certain assets from the Seller, effective upon satisfaction of certain closing conditions, cash and cash equivalents, equipment, inventory, supplies, receivables, trade names, and certain intangible assets of the business. GS Mendocino will not acquire certain intangible assets nor will it assume any of the Sellers liabilities. The Asset Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and considerations of each of the parties.Asset Purchase AgreementSellerRetail BusinessPurchase PriceIn connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement, on March 7, 2018, GS Mendocino entered into a short-term lease with the landlord of the building where the Retail Business operates. The lease agreement provides for a term of sixty (60) days, which may be extended for up to an additional thirty (30) days, during which time GS Mendocino and the landlord will negotiate more definitive terms of the arrangement. In addition, GS Mendocino will make lease payments in the amount of $1,200 per month.The foregoing descriptions of the Asset Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to the completed text of the Asset Purchase Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 6, 2018, pursuant to the terms of a Transaction Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2017 (the Transaction Agreement), Clopay Ames True Temper Holding Corp. and Clopay Plastic Products Company, Inc. (Clopay Plastics), both wholly-owned subsidiaries of Griffon Corporation (Griffon), completed the sale of Clopay Plastics to Berry Global, Inc. (Buyer) for a purchase price of $475 million in cash, subject to certain post-closing adjustments as set forth in the Transaction Agreement (the Transaction). The book value of Clopay Plastics was approximately $312 million as of December 31, 2017 which will result in an approximate $139 million gain on sale as follows:Purchase price $475 Assets held for sale 378 Liabilities held for sale (85) Removal of third party debt 22 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 21 Book value 336 Estimated gain $139 (note: dollars in millions)$475Assets held for sale 378378Liabilities held for sale (85)(85)Removal of third party debt 2222Accumulated other comprehensive loss 2121Book value 336336Estimated gain $139$139(note: dollars in millions)The above gain is subject to finalization of accounts as of February 6, 2018 and any post-closing adjustments as mentioned above, and does not contemplate any tax effects of the Transaction.Incorporation by ReferenceThe foregoing description of the Transaction Agreement and the Transaction has been included to provide investors and security holders with information regarding the terms of the Transaction Agreement and the Transaction. Such description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Transaction Agreement. A copy of the Transaction Agreement was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Griffons Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 21, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.The Transaction Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the parties thereto made to each other as of specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were made solely for purposes of the Transaction Agreement between the parties thereto and may be subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by such parties in connection with negotiating the terms thereof. The representations and warranties may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality that may be different from what may be viewed as material to investors or security holders, or may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather than establishing matters of fact. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Transaction Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Griffons public disclosures. For the foregoing reasons, no person should rely on the representations and warranties as statements of factual information at the time they were made or otherwise.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As described in Item 1.01 above, effective March 26, 2018, we acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Acquiree pursuant to the Exchange Agreement and Acquiree became our wholly-owned subsidiary. The acquisition was accounted for as a recapitalization effected by a share exchange, wherein Acquiree is considered the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes. The assets and liabilities of Acquiree have been brought forward at their book value and no goodwill has been recognized.At the time of the acquisition, the Company was engaged in the business of engaged in inventing, developing and producing aromatherapy devices and vaporizers. As a result of the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Acquiree, we have now assumed Acquirees business operations as our own. The acquisition of Acquiree is treated as a reverse acquisition, and the business of Acquiree became the business of the Company.22Business PlanThe Company manufactures, sells and markets functional RTD (Ready to Drink) beverages sold under the Gratitude trademark. The Companys first five drinks are Chinese Dragon Well Green Teas. Second and third functional-drink lines are now in development. The Gratitude mission is to disrupt this beverage market through our manufacturing and marketing of functional beverages that specifically promote healthy aging and to never produce a product that in any way will adversely affect the health of our customer. The Gratitude vision is to work with research partners to develop functional drinks that can easily be incorporated into ones daily lifestyle and fit their nutritional goals.THE PRODUCTS AND PACKAGING:Gratitude Health, Inc. is building the Gratitude brand with the launch of unique, naturally flavored and unsweetened RTD (Ready To Drink) teas.Today, RTD tea is the second largest drink category in America and is an obvious driver and mainstay in delivery systems across food and beverage categories. Americans and, especially, Millennial Americans are increasingly becoming more and more aware of the generous levels of cancer-fighting antioxidants found in tea.While Green, White and Black teas are the most common types consumed in America, research shows that their growth is solid year-over-year but barely above flat. We believe this is due to two factors:The category is staid and boring and,The category is staid and boring and,RTD teas are not delivering on their health promises.RTD teas are not delivering on their health promises.We will address these issues with unique varieties of tea that not only have interesting and curious names but also health research that supports their benefits. Naturally, we will be calorie and carb free and always strive for maximum antioxidant delivery. Our teas are sourced from Dragon Well in China. Our initial five flavors are:WildberryWildberryBlood OrangeBlood OrangeMintMintOriginalOriginalPeachPeachSupporting these unique flavors and key to our brand-building presentation will our package-- a first-to- RTD-market mason jar like 16-oz bottle featuring artistic, graphic designs actually etched onto the glass-container.33We will promote this unique presentation as more than eco-friendly (eco being of great importance to millennials) because they will be collectibles and advertised as such thus making their collectability and reuse arguably the eco-friendliest mass-market beverage bottle in the world. To even further support this unique presentation, artistic and colorful labels (logo, art, nutritional and redemption information) will cover the etchings driving the desires for those that keep them to buy their missing collectible.Interestingly, the 2017 Natural Beverage Guide (Bevnet, Inc) displays hundreds of Natural-Drink companies and not one has a Mason jar configuration. We believe this packaging will be widely preferred to the predominantly plastic bottles in the market today, we further expect modern consumers to understand and appreciate the flavor profile and obvious nutritional benefits of the teas.Having identified the opportunity and clearly focused upon the healthy features and benefits available in Gratitudes tea offerings, Gratitude will shortly introduce its first five flavors of tea. This will kick off sales efforts in earnest for the larger chained retail accounts across the Country. These accounts generally review new products for planogram resets during calendar Q-1 with a view to begin new product offering and new sets in April each year.This gives Gratitude three months to sell and arrange for new product authorizations in regional and national accounts while managing our initial placements in New York City and smaller accounts with whom we have relationships in the Northeastern United States.44MARKET INFORMATION AND THE VALUE CHAIN AND ROUTES TO MARKETAccording to Beverage Marketing Corporations 2017 DrinkTell database, RTD tea sales totaled $10.31 billion in 2017 up four percent. Importantly, Gratitudes market analyses and product development perfectly targets the main attributes fueling this growth. According to this database, Ready-to-drink tea is leading the growth in its category with new forms and formulations that offer both function and flavor. Consumers are willing to trade up to products that offer them better quality or benefits. Further according to BMC, Retailers say refrigerated RTD teas are the leading segment in this category, and new varieties are emerging. In the RTD tea category, reduced-sugar formulations and local and artisanal brands are poised for continued growth.We are the first company to introduce Chinese Dragon Well Tea to the mass RTD American market. Dragon Well is subtle in taste with a hint of chestnut and is the most popular tea in China being granted Imperial status. Because it is Green, our tea will be well known to the US consumer. Because it is DragonWell, it will be a welcome new experience to the US RTD market. All our teas are either low calorie--45 per 16zor totally unsweetened. Our small batch * hand made brand positioning features totally unique and first-to-market packaging that meets artisanal characteristics influencing todays consumer purchase.According to the Tea Association of the USA, in its 2017-2018 Tea Market Review and Forecast, Ready-to-drink (RTD) tea accounted for some 45.7% of the tea market share in 2017 and will exceed 1.7 billion gallons in 2017. The Review states Specialty Tea is still driving interest and consumption in the category with consumers grazing for new and different options and flavors and origins. Sustainability of these high quality, higher priced teas confirms that the analogy to wine is stronger than ever. Furthermore, according to the Tea Association: Naturalness continues to drive consumers who demand foods that are closer to their unrefined or pure state, seeking less processed drinks, incentivizing companies to remove artificial ingredients. This trend will also encourage consumers to reach for foods in their most natural, original form, such as true teas, for health benefits, instead of supplements and nutraceuticals. Tea is a natural, simple and whole food.By marrying a famous and revered green tea in China with such organic flavors as Peach, Mint, Wildberry and Blood Orange and putting those complementary flavors in a totally unique glass package, Gratitude is well positioned for our targeted consumer audience.Gratitudes retail shelf price is between $2.99 to $3.49 per bottle. We have established cost for finished product per bottle and per 12-count case. We will approach and engage the same retail systems and value chain structure relative to all RTD beverage brands in the industry.55There will be three routes to market:1.Direct-to-Retail sales (grocery, big box, and drug chains).1.Direct-to-Retail sales (grocery, big box, and drug chains).2.Direct Store Delivery (DSD) with shelf management for C-stores, specialty accounts, and such institutions as colleges and universities.2.Direct Store Delivery (DSD) with shelf management for C-stores, specialty accounts, and such institutions as colleges and universities.3.Direct-to-Consumer sales via the internet. We will partner with Amazon for fulfillment.3.Direct-to-Consumer sales via the internet. We will partner with Amazon for fulfillment.1.Value chain for channel one includes delivered pricing from Gratitude direct to the retailer. We will target a suggested retail price in these accounts. Knowing that these accounts demand net delivery to their warehouses and a SET gross margin, Gratitude will price cases at wholesale to this channel of trade at a set price per bottle per cost of goods sold as calculated so that the Company has already calculated its margin less cost of freight for delivery.1.Value chain for channel one includes delivered pricing from Gratitude direct to the retailer. We will target a suggested retail price in these accounts. Knowing that these accounts demand net delivery to their warehouses and a SET gross margin, Gratitude will price cases at wholesale to this channel of trade at a set price per bottle per cost of goods sold as calculated so that the Company has already calculated its margin less cost of freight for delivery.2.Sales to DSD delivery systems require a more competitive wholesale price and higher retail price, which enables a structure where a distributor can earn a meaningful margin in an extremely competitive environment. The DSD retail customer is often a C-Store or Specialty store that requires regular deliveries and in-store management of inventory in reaches, meaning that often the DSD merchandises the shelf for his customer. This service cost is passed to the wholesaler. Therefore, to accommodate this pricing model, Gratitude must be more competitively priced to the DSD. The retailer also needs room to mark up the brand to accommodate their gross margin goals. So, Gratitude will reduce its gross margin in this channel and the DSD distributor will expect a set gross margin. The C-Store retailer usually expects a minimum set gross margin at his level.2.Sales to DSD delivery systems require a more competitive wholesale price and higher retail price, which enables a structure where a distributor can earn a meaningful margin in an extremely competitive environment. The DSD retail customer is often a C-Store or Specialty store that requires regular deliveries and in-store management of inventory in reaches, meaning that often the DSD merchandises the shelf for his customer. This service cost is passed to the wholesaler. Therefore, to accommodate this pricing model, Gratitude must be more competitively priced to the DSD. The retailer also needs room to mark up the brand to accommodate their gross margin goals. So, Gratitude will reduce its gross margin in this channel and the DSD distributor will expect a set gross margin. The C-Store retailer usually expects a minimum set gross margin at his level.3.The third sales model is direct consumer sales through the internet. These sales are always made by the case with an added delivery fee to the individual. We will partner with Amazon to handle orders and fulfillment and simply deliver to their regional warehouses. These sales provide great opportunity for gross margin having eliminated the distributor and retailer margin, but require significant digital marketing programs and advertising. We will use this channel immediately to service consumers that have heard of the brand but cant find it at their local store yet. We know this channel will not be a large business initially but, as the brand grows, we plan to build this segment aggressively.3.The third sales model is direct consumer sales through the internet. These sales are always made by the case with an added delivery fee to the individual. We will partner with Amazon to handle orders and fulfillment and simply deliver to their regional warehouses. These sales provide great opportunity for gross margin having eliminated the distributor and retailer margin, but require significant digital marketing programs and advertising. We will use this channel immediately to service consumers that have heard of the brand but cant find it at their local store yet. We know this channel will not be a large business initially but, as the brand grows, we plan to build this segment aggressively.66COMPETITIONSource: Statista 2018RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND PHILANTHROPYGratitudes RD&P (Research, Development and Philanthropy) is working with a number of institutions to develop, license and/or acquire valid and proven intellectual property that fights cancer and promotes healthy aging. To that end, Gratitude has solely licensed patented technology from a prominent U.S. university research foundation for their patent (U.S. Patent #: 6,713,605) for the use of tea polyphenol esters for cancer prevention and treatment. The patented invention relates to novel polyphenol esters derived from green teas, which are potent inhibitors of the growth of cancerous cells, and their use in the prevention and treatment of conditions characterized by abnormal cellular proliferation. Gratitude will fund our charities from our sales and, in addition to giving away product to those who cannot afford them, we will contribute to university and institutional research studies that focus on chemo-protection, healthy aging, phytochemical superfoods and clean nutrition.

Item 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.On January 4, 2018, the Company completed the acquisition of the assets of the Business of Ngen (see Item 1.01). The Company, among other assets, purchased intellectual property, contract rights and purchase orders from Ngen. The purchase price of the assets was 1,000 shares of the Companys Series E Preferred Stock.On January 4, 2018, the Company completed the sale of Carmelas Pizzeria CO, Inc. (Carmelas), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, to Ronald Heineman (Heineman), in exchange for Carmelas assuming all of the liabilities of Carmelas as well as $193,352 of convertible notes of the Company. Heineman was an officer of the Company until his resignation on November 28, 2017 and a Director of the Company through January 4, 2018 (see below).The foregoing descriptions of the Agreement and the terms thereof are qualified in their entirety by the full text of such agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to, and incorporated by reference in, this report.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 under the heading Sale of Denville Scientific are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn January 4, 2018, Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (the Company) completed its previously announced acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Amrop A/S, a private limited liability company registered in Denmark, pursuant to the terms of a Share Purchase Agreement (the Share Purchase Agreement) between Heidrick & Struggles, the Denmark branch of Heidrick & Struggles Ab, Sverige, (the Buyer), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and Porma APS, a Denmark company (the Seller).Under the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, the Buyer paid the Seller DKK 24.3 million (USD $3.9 million) at closing, subject to certain adjustments, and expects to pay the Sellers DKK 28.0 million (USD $4.5 million) of additional cash consideration based on fee revenue generated by the business during the two-year period following the completion of the acquisition. Total aggregate consideration is estimated to be DKK 52.3 million (USD $8.4 million). However, the actual amount of additional cash consideration cannot be determined at this time. The Share Purchase Agreement also contains representations, warranties, covenants and termination rights of the parties customary for a transaction of this type. The transaction was financed with cash.The foregoing summary of the Share Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Share Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys current report on Form 8-K dated September 28, 2017.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn January 12, 2018, the Company completed the acquisition (the Acquisition) of certain assets of Rainier Investment Management, LLC (Rainier) related to the management of the Rainier Small/Mid Cap Equity Fund. The Acquisition was consummated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the previously announced Transaction Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2017, among the Company, Rainier, and Rainiers majority owner, Manning & Napier Group, LLC (the Transaction Agreement). As provided in the Transaction Agreement, at the closing of the Acquisition, the Rainier Small/Mid Cap Equity Fund was reorganized into the Hennessy Cornerstone Mid Cap 30 Fund.RainierTransaction AgreementIn connection with the closing of the Acquisition, the Company paid a total of $2.1 million in cash, which was based on 0.85% of the aggregate current net asset value of the Rainier Small/Mid Cap Equity Fund measured as of the close of business on the trading day immediately preceding the closing date of the transaction.A description of the principal terms of the Transaction Agreement and the Acquisition is incorporated by reference herein from Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2017.Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn October 26, 2018, Hennessy Advisors, Inc. (the Company) completed the acquisition (the Acquisition) of certain assets of BP Capital Fund Advisors, LLC (BP Capital) related to the management of the BP Capital TwinLine Energy Fund and the BP Capital TwinLine MLP Fund (together, the BP Funds). The Acquisition was consummated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the previously announced Transaction Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2018, between the Company and BP Capital (the Transaction Agreement). As provided in the Transaction Agreement, at the closing of the Acquisition, the BP Funds were reorganized into two newly formed series of Hennessy Funds Trust named the Hennessy BP Energy Fund and Hennessy BP Midstream Fund (together, the Hennessy BP Funds), respectively. Additionally, BP Capital became the sub-advisor to the Hennessy BP Funds, with the same portfolio managers who managed the BP Funds portfolios prior to the Acquisition continuing to manage the Hennessy BP Funds portfolios following the Acquisition.AcquisitionBP CapitalBP FundsTransaction AgreementHennessy BP FundsIn connection with the closing of the Acquisition, the Company paid a total of $1.6 million in cash to BP Capital, an amount that was equal to (i) $100,000 plus (ii) 0.75% of the aggregate current net asset value of the BP Funds measured as of the close of business on the trading day immediately preceding the closing date of the Acquisition. In accordance with the Transaction Agreement, on October 28, 2019, the business day immediately following the one-year anniversary of the closing date, the Company will make a second payment to BP Capital. The amount of the second payment will be equal to 0.75% of the aggregate current net asset value of the Hennessy BP Funds, as the successor funds to the BP Funds, measured as of the close of business on October 25, 2019, the trading day immediately preceding the one-year anniversary of the closing date.A description of the principal terms of the Transaction Agreement and the Acquisition is incorporated by reference herein from Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 11, 2018.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsEffective January 16, 2018, Heritage Financial Corporation, Olympia, Washington (Heritage), the parent company of Heritage Bank, completed its previously announced acquisition of Puget Sound Bancorp, Inc. (Puget Sound), the parent company of Puget Sound Bank, located in Bellevue, Washington. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated July 26, 2017 (the Merger Agreement) by and between Heritage and Puget Sound, Puget Sound was merged with and into Heritage, with Heritage surviving the merger (the Merger), and Puget Sound Bank was merged with and into Heritage Bank, with Heritage Bank surviving the merger. Heritage will issue an aggregate of 4,112,347 shares of its common stock in the transaction. As a result of the Merger, Puget Sound shareholders will receive 1.1688 shares of Heritage common stock with cash to be paid in lieu of any fractional shares. Reference is made to the Merger Agreement, which was included as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Heritage with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference.Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously disclosed, on December 17, 2017, The Hershey Company (Hershey), Alphabet Merger Sub Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Hershey (Purchaser), and Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. (Amplify) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement).PurchaserAmplifyMerger AgreementPursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Purchaser commenced a cash tender offer (the Offer) to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Amplify (the Shares) at a price per share equal to $12.00, net to seller in cash, without interest, subject to any withholding of taxes required by applicable law. At 12:00 midnight, New York City time, at the end of Tuesday, January 30, 2018, the Offer expired. American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the depositary for the Offer, has advised Purchaser that, as of the expiration of the Offer, a total of approximately 71,970,009 Shares, representing approximately 95.1391% of Amplifys currently outstanding Shares, were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Offer, including 1,849,932 Shares tendered pursuant to guaranteed delivery procedures. As of the expiration of the Offer, the number of Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer satisfied the minimum tender condition of the Offer, and all other conditions to the Offer were satisfied or waived. Immediately after the expiration of the Offer, Purchaser irrevocably accepted for payment, and will promptly pay for, all Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to the expiration time of the Offer.SharesFollowing completion of the Offer on January 31, 2018, Hershey completed the acquisition of Amplify through the merger of Purchaser with and into Amplify (the Merger). Following the effective time of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of Purchaser ceased and Amplify became a wholly owned subsidiary of Hershey.In connection with the closing of the Offer and the Merger, Hershey paid an aggregate consideration of approximately $908 million for the Shares, not including related transaction fees and expenses. Hershey funded these payments with available cash on hand.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Hersheys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 18, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn February 20, 2018, JY-TV Associates, LLC (Seller) an entity one-third owned by HMG/Courtland Properties, Inc. (HMG), completed the sale of its multi-family residential apartments located in Orlando, Florida pursuant to the previously reported Agreement of Sale (the Agreement) to Murano 240, LLC (as per an Assignment and Assumption of Agreement of Sale with Cardone Real Estate Acquisitions, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company and an unrelated entity (Purchaser). The final sales price was $50,150,000 and the sales proceeds were received in cash and payment of outstanding debt. The estimated gain on the sale to HMG is approximately $5.9 million before the incentive fee (or $5.87 per share).In connection with the sale, HMG is hereby filing, as Exhibit 10 (aa) a copy of the Agreement, as amended.

ITEM 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 2, 2018, Company, completed its previously announced acquisition of Meter Readings Holding Group, LLC (Aclara) pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of December 22, 2017, by and among Aclara, Hubbell Power Systems, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Yellow Merger Sub, Inc., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), Sun Meter Readings, LP, as representative for Aclaras members and optionholders, and, for the limited purposes set forth therein, the Company. The acquisition was structured as a reverse triangular merger in which Merger Sub merged with and into Aclara in accordance with Delaware law (the Merger), with Aclara surviving the Merger as a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of the Company. In the Merger, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company paid aggregate consideration of approximately $1.1 billion to acquire Aclara.Merger AgreementMerger SubThe foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 14, 2018, Hartman vREIT XXI, Inc. (the Company) through Hartman Richardson Tech Center, LLC, or Richardson Tech LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of our operating partnership, acquired a fee simple interest in a four building, multi-tenant flex/R&D property, commonly known as Richardson Tech, containing approximately 96,660 square feet of office space and located in Richardson, Texas.Richardson Tech was built in 1987. Richardson Tech is 73.5% occupied by 13 tenants.Richardson Tech LLC acquired Richardson Tech from an unrelated third-party seller, for a purchase price, as amended, of $5,040,000, exclusive of closing costs. Richardson Tech LLC financed the payment of the purchase price for Richardson Tech with proceeds from our public offering and mortgage loan proceeds from a bank.An acquisition fee of approximately $126,000 was earned by Hartman XXI Advisors LLC, our affiliated external advisor, in connection with the purchase of Richardson Tech.Two tenants currently each occupy more than 10% of Richardson Tech. Circuit Check, Inc. and Home Defense Pest Control, Inc. occupy approximately 22.3% of Richardson Tech and account for approximately 22.1% of the current annual base rent. The following table sets forth additional information regarding the tenants currently occupying more than 10% of Richardson Tech:Tenant Base Rent Rentable SF Initial Lease Date(s) Year(s) Expiring Circuit Check, Inc. $ 89,070 11,876 5/1/2010 2021 Home Team Pest Defense, Inc. $ 43,677 9,706 10/1/2017 2028Tenant Base Rent Rentable SF Initial Lease Date(s) Year(s) ExpiringTenantBase RentBase RentRentable SFRentable SFInitial Lease Date(s)Date(s)Year(s) ExpiringExpiringCircuit Check, Inc. $ 89,070 11,876 5/1/2010 2021$ 89,07011,8765/1/20102021Home Team Pest Defense, Inc. $ 43,677 9,706 10/1/2017 2028$ 43,6779,70610/1/20172028Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The information discussed under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K under the heading Term Loan Agreement is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 1, 2018, Howard Bancorp, Inc. (Howard) completed its previously announced merger (the Merger) with First Mariner Bank, a Maryland chartered trust company (First Mariner) pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of August 14, 2017, as amended by Amendment No. 1 on November 8, 2017, by and among Howard, Howard Bank, a Maryland chartered trust company and wholly owned subsidiary of Howard, and First Mariner (as amended, the Agreement). At the effective time of the Merger, First Mariner merged with and into Howard Bank, with Howard Bank continuing as the surviving bank of the Merger and a wholly owned subsidiary of Howard. The Merger was described in the joint proxy and information statement/prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 22, 2017 (the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus).MergerFirst MarinerAgreementSECJoint Proxy and Information Statement/ProspectusAt the effective time of the Merger, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, each outstanding share of First Mariner common stock and First Mariner Series A Non-Voting Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock issued and outstanding was cancelled and converted into the right to receive 1.6624 shares of Howard common stock. To effect the Merger, Howard issued 9,143,230 shares of Howard common stock to First Mariner shareholders.The Agreement was contained in the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus and is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference.Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 26, 2018, IDT Corporation (IDT or the Registrant) completed the spin-off of certain commercial real estate assets and interests in clinical and early stage pharmaceutical companies into Rafael Holdings, Inc. (Rafael). The registration statement on Form 10-12G (the Registration Statement) filed by Rafael under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 became effective on December 30, 2017. The Registration Statement includes detailed information about Rafael, the spin-off and related matters. An information statement setting forth the details of the spin-off (the Information Statement) is being mailed to stockholders of the Registrant on or about March 27, 2018. The Information Statement can be found on the investors relations page of the Registrants website at http://ir.idt.net. Approval of the Spin-Off by the Registrants stockholders was not required.IDT also transferred assets to Rafael such that, at the time of the spin-off, Rafael had approximately $43.8 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $1.2 million in current notes receivable, approximately $4.0 million in interests in hedge funds and $2.0 million in securities in another entity that are not liquid. The real estate assets and pharmaceutical interests will be operated as separate lines of business. The commercial real estate holdings consist of IDTs headquarters building and its associated garage in Newark, New Jersey, an operations facility in Piscataway, New Jersey and a portion of a building in Israel that hosts offices for IDT and its affiliates. The pharmaceutical holdings include debt and equity interests in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Rafael Pharmaceuticals), which is a clinical stage, oncology-focused pharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of therapies that exploit the metabolic differences between normal cells and cancer cells, and an equity interest in Lipomedix Pharmaceuticals Ltd., an early stage, pharmaceutical development company based in Israel. The real estate assets and pharmaceutical holdings were not germane to IDTs communications and payment services businesses. Following the spin-off, IDTs business will consist principally of IDT Telecoms core communications, payment services and related businesses. The Registrant effected the spin-off by distributing one share of Rafael Class A common stock for every two shares of IDT Class A common stock and one share of Rafael Class B common stock for every two shares of IDT Class B common stock held of record as of March 13, 2018, the record date for the spin-off. In connection with the completion of the spin-off, unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information of the Company is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.As of March 27, 2018, there were a total of approximately 1.6 million shares of the Registrants Class A common stock and approximately 23.3 million shares of the Registrants Class B common stock outstanding.Rafaels Class B common stock is listed on the NYSE American under the symbol RFL.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 11, 2018, IIOT-OXYS, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), the closing of the Securities Exchange Agreement dated December 14, 2017, between the Company, HereLab, Inc., a Delaware corporation (HereLab), and the shareholders of HereLab (the Exchange Agreement) was held (the Closing).HereLabExchange AgreementClosingUpon completion of the Closing, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,650,000 shares of its Common Stock on a pro rata basis to the two shareholders of HereLab, and HereLab became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.Upon Closing, the Company filed Articles of Exchange with the State of Nevada. A copy of the Articles of Exchange is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1.Under the terms of the Exchange Agreement, HereLab has agreed to prepare and furnish audited financial statements in compliance with Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K for filing by IIOT not later than 75 days following the Closing.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 29, 2018, Monster Digital, Inc. (the Company), completed its reverse recapitalization with Innovate Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., which changed its name in connection with the transaction to IB Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Innovate), in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of July 3, 2017, by and among the Company, Monster Merger Sub., Inc. (Merger Sub), and Innovate (the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Innovate, with Innovate surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger).InnovateMerger SubMerger AgreementAlso, on January 29, 2018, in connection with and immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), the Company (i) effected a reverse stock split at a ratio of one new share for every ten shares of its common stock outstanding (the Reverse Stock Split), (ii) increased the number of authorized shares of the Companys common stock from 100,000,000 to 350,000,000 and (iii) changed its name to Innovate Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. Following the completion of the Merger, the business conducted by the Company became primarily the business conducted by Innovate, which is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing novel autoimmune/inflammation therapeutic drugs.Reverse Stock SplitUnder the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Innovates stockholders, at an exchange ratio of 0.37813802 of a share of common stock (post Reverse Stock Split), in exchange for each share of Innovate common stock outstanding as of the Effective Time. The Company also assumed all of the stock options issued and outstanding under the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the Innovate Plan), with such stock options henceforth representing the right to purchase a number of shares of the Companys common stock equal to 0.37813802 multiplied by the number of shares of Innovates common stock previously represented by such stock options.Immediately prior to the Merger, Innovate issued and sold an aggregate of approximately $18.1 million of shares of Innovate common stock, including the conversion of $9,229,819 in outstanding convertible debt, to certain current stockholders of Innovate and certain new investors. Additionally, Innovate issued five-year warrants to each cash purchaser of common stock with a price per exercise price of $3.1764 after giving effect the exchange ratio.Immediately following the Effective Time, there were approximately 25.8 million shares of the Companys common stock outstanding. Immediately following the Effective Time, the former Innovate security holders owned approximately 94% of the fully-diluted common stock of the Company, with the Companys security holders immediately prior to the Merger owning approximately 6% of the fully-diluted common stock of the Company.The Companys shares of common stock, which were previously listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market and traded through the close of business on January 31, 2018 under the ticker symbol MSDI, commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market, under the symbol INNT on February 1, 2018. The Companys common stock has a new CUSIP number, 45782F105.The descriptions of the Merger and Merger Agreement included herein are not complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference.On January 30, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As disclosed above, on January 24, 2018, we acquired, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, (i) substantially all of the assets of iGourmet LLC and iGourmet NY LLC and (ii) a senior secured note with an original principal loan amount of $1,675,000.


Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 27, 2018, InterCloud Systems, Inc. (the Company) completed its previously announced sale of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock and membership interests of ADEX Corp., ADEX Puerto Rico, LLC and ADEXCOMM (collectively, ADEX). Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Spectrum), purchased ADEX for consideration that included the payment of $3,000,000 in cash, of which $2,500,000 was paid at closing and $500,000 was to be retained by Spectrum for ninety days in order to satisfy any outstanding liabilities of ADEX incurred prior to the closing date, and the issuance to the Company of a convertible promissory note with a term of thirteen months in the aggregate principal amount of $2,000,000 (the Transaction).Additional information regarding the Transaction is provided in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 12, 2018, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.In connection with the Transaction, we executed a Consent, dated as of February 20, 2018 (the Consent), with the Holder and Concord (each as defined in the consent, and collectively, the Holders), in order to, among other things, (i) obtain the Holders consent to the Transaction and have them release any and all liens granted to them over the assets of ADEX; (ii) agree that absent an event of default, the Holders will not deliver a Holder Redemption Notice (as defined in the Consent) to the Company until the date that is sixty days following the date of the Consent; (iii) agree that after such 60 day period, no monthly Holder redemption amount shall exceed $125,000; and (iv) apply $1,900,000 of the purchase price received in connection with the Transaction to payments to the Holders, as more particularly set forth in the Consent.A copy of the Consent is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.



Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 5, 2018, pursuant to the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 17, 2017 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Itron, Inc., a Washington corporation (Itron), Silver Spring Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Silver Spring), and Ivory Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Itron (Acquisition Sub), Acquisition Sub was merged with and into Silver Spring, with Silver Spring continuing as the surviving corporation (the Merger). At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), Silver Spring became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Itron. Effective as of the Effective Time, Silver Spring changed its name to Itron Networked Solutions, Inc.Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Silver Spring (each, a Silver Spring Share) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than Silver Spring Shares held by stockholders who have validly exercised their appraisal rights under Delaware law, Silver Spring Shares held by Itron, Acquisition Sub and Silver Spring or their respective subsidiaries or Silver Spring Shares subject to outstanding restricted stock awards and performance stock units, was converted into the right to receive $16.25 in cash (the Merger Consideration), without interest thereon.At the Effective Time, each option to purchase Silver Spring Shares that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (each, a Silver Spring Option) was treated as follows.Each unvested Silver Spring Option that had a per share exercise price that was less than the Merger Consideration, and that was held by a current service provider (other than a non-employee member of the board of directors of Silver Spring), was assumed by Itron at the Effective Time and was converted into and became an option to acquire common stock, no par value, of Itron (Itron Share) (each such option, an Adjusted Option), on the same material terms and conditions as were applicable under the corresponding Silver Spring Option immediately prior to the Effective Time. The number of Itron Shares subject to each Adjusted Option was determined by multiplying the number of Silver Spring Shares subject to such corresponding Silver Spring Option by the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Merger Consideration by (ii) a volume-weighted average of the trading prices of Itron Shares for ten trading days preceding (and including) January 5, 2018 (the Exchange Ratio). The per share exercise price for Itron Shares issuable upon exercise of each Adjusted Option was determined by dividing the applicable per share exercise price of the corresponding Silver Spring Option by the Exchange Ratio. Each Silver Spring Option that had a per share exercise price that was less than the Merger Consideration and that either: (i) was vested or (ii) was unvested and held by an non-employee member of the board of directors of Silver Spring, was not assumed by Itron and was cancelled at the Effective Time in exchange for a payment of an amount in cash, less applicable withholding taxes, equal to the product of the (A) aggregate number of Silver Spring Shares subject to such Silver Spring Option multiplied by the (B) excess of the Merger Consideration over the applicable per share exercise price of such vested Silver Spring Option. Each Silver Spring Option, whether vested or unvested, that had a per share exercise price that was equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration, became vested and exercisable by the holder thereof and, each such Silver Spring Option was, to the extent not exercised as of the Effective Time, cancelled at the Effective Time with no payment made therefor.Each Silver Spring Option that had a per share exercise price that was less than the Merger Consideration and that either: (i) was vested or (ii) was unvested and held by an non-employee member of the board of directors of Silver Spring, was not assumed by Itron and was cancelled at the Effective Time in exchange for a payment of an amount in cash, less applicable withholding taxes, equal to the product of the (A) aggregate number of Silver Spring Shares subject to such Silver Spring Option multiplied by the (B) excess of the Merger Consideration over the applicable per share exercise price of such vested Silver Spring Option.Each Silver Spring Option, whether vested or unvested, that had a per share exercise price that was equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration, became vested and exercisable by the holder thereof and, each such Silver Spring Option was, to the extent not exercised as of the Effective Time, cancelled at the Effective Time with no payment made therefor.At the Effective Time, each Silver Spring restricted stock unit award that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (each, a Silver Spring RSU) was treated as follows.Each unvested Silver Spring RSU that was held by a current service provider (other than Silver Spring RSUs held by a non-employee member of the board of directors of Silver Spring) was assumed by Itron at the Effective Time and converted into a restricted stock unit to receive, on substantially the same terms and conditions as were previously applicable to such Silver Spring RSU, a number of Itron Shares equal to the number of Silver Spring Shares that were subject to such Silver Spring RSU multiplied by the Exchange Ratio (each, an Adjusted RSU). Each vested Silver Spring RSU and each unvested Silver Spring RSU held by a non-employee member of the board of directors of Silver Spring was not assumed by Itron and at the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in cash, less applicable withholding taxes, for each Silver Spring Share subject to such Silver Spring RSU.Each vested Silver Spring RSU and each unvested Silver Spring RSU held by a non-employee member of the board of directors of Silver Spring was not assumed by Itron and at the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in cash, less applicable withholding taxes, for each Silver Spring Share subject to such Silver Spring RSU.At the Effective Time, each Silver Spring performance stock unit award (each, a Silver Spring PSU) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time was treated as follows.Each Silver Spring PSU granted during 2015 (each, a Silver Spring 2015 PSU) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time terminated without the payment of any consideration therefor and the holders of such terminated Silver Spring 2015 PSUs ceased to have any rights with respect thereto. For each Silver Spring PSU granted during 2017 (each, a Silver Spring 2017 PSU), that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, the performance conditions were deemed satisfied at 100% of the target level of achievement and (i) the portion of each such Silver Spring 2017 PSU that was outstanding and unvested as to service-based vesting conditions was treated as an Adjusted RSU, and (ii) the portion of each Silver Spring 2017 PSU that was outstanding and vested as to both performance conditions and service-based conditions was cancelled and automatically converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in cash, less applicable withholding taxes, for each Silver Spring Share subject to such fully-vested Silver Spring 2017 PSU.For each Silver Spring PSU granted during 2017 (each, a Silver Spring 2017 PSU), that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, the performance conditions were deemed satisfied at 100% of the target level of achievement and (i) the portion of each such Silver Spring 2017 PSU that was outstanding and unvested as to service-based vesting conditions was treated as an Adjusted RSU, and (ii) the portion of each Silver Spring 2017 PSU that was outstanding and vested as to both performance conditions and service-based conditions was cancelled and automatically converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in cash, less applicable withholding taxes, for each Silver Spring Share subject to such fully-vested Silver Spring 2017 PSU.The aggregate total purchase price (net of acquired cash) paid by Itron pursuant to the Merger Agreement was approximately $830 million. The transaction was funded from cash on hand, the net proceeds from Itrons private offering of $300 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.000% senior notes due 2026, and the refinancing of Itron's existing $650 million term loan facility.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger is only a summary, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Itrons Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 18, 2017, and which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Merger AgreementOn February 14, 2018, Identiv, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Identiv) completed the previously announced acquisition of 3VR Security, Inc., a California corporation (3VR), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) by and among Identiv, Eagle Acquisition, Inc., a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Identiv (Merger Sub), 3VR, and Fortis Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acting as Securityholder Representative (Securityholder Representative). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, after the signing of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time, Merger Sub merged with and into 3VR and 3VR became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Identiv (the Acquisition). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement.Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the closing of the Acquisition, Identiv is obligated to pay an aggregate consideration of approximately $6.9 million, consisting of (i) approximately $1.6 million in cash, (ii) the issuance of subordinated unsecured promissory notes by Identiv in an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million (the Promissory Notes), and (iii) the issuance of shares of Identivs common stock with a value of approximately $3.3 million. $1.0 million of Identivs common stock issued at the closing of the transaction will be held back for up to 12 months following the closing for the satisfaction of certain indemnification claims.Additionally, in the event that the surviving corporation achieves $24.1 million in product shipments in 2018, Identiv will be obligated to issue a further earn-out consideration of $3.5 million payable in shares of Identivs common stock (subject to certain conditions) with a potential maximum earn-out value of $7.0 million in the event that such shipments exceed $48.2 million. Further, in calendar year 2019 Identiv may also be obligated to pay, in cash, and subject to certain conditions, contingent consideration equal to the lesser of (A) 35% of the gross margin of certain products sold and services rendered by the surviving corporation in 2018 pursuant to a supply arrangement and (B) $25.0 million, each subject to adjustments (collectively, all consideration issuable in connection with the Acquisition, the Merger Consideration).The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was originally filed as an exhibit to Identivs Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.Securityholder AgreementConcurrently with entry into the Merger Agreement, Identiv entered into a Securityholder Agreement (the Securityholder Agreement), dated as of February 6, 2018, with (i) the shareholders of 3VR (3VR Shareholders), (ii) certain holders of convertible notes issued by 3VR (3VR Noteholders), and (iii) participants in the Management Carve-out Plan of 3VR (the 3VR Management Carve-out Plan, and (i), (ii) and (ii) together, the Securityholders).The Securityholder Agreement, among other things, prohibits the Securityholders from selling any of the Identiv Shares for a period of six months following Closing, and thereafter, prohibits them from selling more than 50% of such shares for an additional three months. The Securityholder Agreement also provides the Securityholders with certain registration rights related to the Identiv Shares.The foregoing description of the Securityholder Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Securityholder Agreement, a form of which was originally filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Identivs Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.Subordinated Unsecured Promissory NotesAs part of the Merger Consideration, Identiv is obligated to issue Promissory Notes in an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million. The Promissory Notes bear simple interest at the rate of 3% per annum and mature on the one-year anniversary of Closing, unless repayment thereof is accelerated pursuant to a change in control of Identiv or other standard events of default. The Promissory Notes are subordinated to Identivs existing and future secured indebtedness to banks, insurance companies, lease financing institutions or other lending institutions.The foregoing description of the Promissory Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Subordinated Unsecured Promissory Notes, a form of which was originally filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Identivs Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.Item 2.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.Merger AgreementOn October 25, 2018, Identiv, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Identiv) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), by and among Identiv, TSS Merger Sub, Inc., a Texas corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Identiv (Merger Sub 1), TSS Acquisition, LLC., a Texas limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Identiv (Merger Sub 2 and together with Merger Sub 1, the Merger Subs), Thursby Software Systems, Inc., a Texas corporation (TSS), and William Thursby as the sole Stockholder of the Company. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Merger Agreement.Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the merger, Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into TSS and TSS will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Identiv (Merger 1), following which TSS will merge with and into Merger Sub 2, whereupon which the separate corporate existence of TSS will cease with Merger Sub 2 surviving the merger (Merger 2 and together with Merger 1, the Merger). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate consideration to be paid by Identiv at the closing of the Merger is approximately $5 million, consisting of (i) approximately $2.5 million in cash, subject to adjustments based on TSSs closing working capital, and (ii) the issuance of shares of Identivs common stock with a value of approximately $2.5 million. Additionally, in the event that revenue from TSS products is greater than $8.0 million, $11.0 million, or $15.0 million in product shipments in 2019, Identiv will be obligated to issue earn-out consideration of up to a maximum of $7.5 million payable in shares of Identivs common stock (subject to certain conditions) (collectively, all consideration issuable in connection with the Merger, the Merger Consideration). In the even that such revenue is less than $15.0 million in 2019, but 2020 revenue from TSS products exceeds $15.0 million, then Identiv will be obligated to issue an additional $2.5 million in earnout consideration in the form of stock. The maximum total earnout consideration payable for all periods is $7.5 million in the aggregate, payable in Identiv common stock. $0.5 million of Identivs common stock issuable at the closing of the transaction will be held back for 12 months following the closing for the satisfaction of certain indemnification claims.Completion of the Merger is subject to customary closing conditions, and the Merger is expected to close on or about November 1, 2018 (the Closing).It is expected that the shares of common stock issued by Identiv at the Closing, and any earn-out consideration paid out in shares (the Identiv Shares), will be issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Regulation D, as promulgated thereunder. Identiv has also agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-3 registering the Identiv shares issued in the Merger for resale.S-3The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The Merger Agreement has been attached to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the parties. The terms of the Merger Agreement govern the contractual rights and relationships, and allocate risks, among the parties in relation to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. In particular, the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement reflect negotiations between, and are solely for the benefit of, the parties thereto and may be limited, qualified or modified by a variety of factors, including: subsequent events, information included in public filings, disclosures made during negotiations, correspondence between the parties and in confidential disclosure schedules to the Merger Agreement. Moreover, certain representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement were used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather than establishing matters as facts and may not describe the actual state of affairs at the date they were made or at any other time. Accordingly, you should not rely on the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement as characterizations of the actual state of facts about the parties.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsTHE SHARE EXCHANGE WITH TANG DYNASTY INVESTMENT GROUP LIMITEDOn January 15, 2018, Image International Group, Inc. (IMGL) entered into a share exchange agreement (Share Exchange Agreement) with (i) Tang Dynasty Investment Group Limited, a limited liability company formed under the laws of Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region, China (Tang Dynasty). Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, we issued 400,000,000 new shares of our common stock, par value at $0.001 per share for all of the outstanding common stock of Tang Dynasty. As a result, Tang Dynasty became a wholly owned subsidiary of ours.Prior to the closing of the Share Exchange were exchanged, 10,000 shares of Tang Dynastys common stock were issued and outstanding. Hoi Ming Chan who is also the sole director of Tang Dyansty, Yuk Kiu Chan, Herman Cheuk Kau Kwong, Kwok Leung Lee, Ni Qin, and Ping Chan (the Tang Stockholders), acquired all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Tang Dynasty. 10,000 shares of Tang Dynastys common stock were in exchange for the issuance of 400,000,000 restricted shares of our common stock (the Business Combination).The Business Combination closed on January 18, 2018 (Closing Date)., Kwok Leung Lee, Ni Qin, and Ping Chan (the Tang Stockholders), acquired all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Tang Dynasty. 10,000 shares of Tang Dynastys common stock were in exchange for the issuance of 400,000,000 restricted shares of our common stock (the Business Combination).The Business Combination closed on January 18, 2018 (Closing Date).None of the Tang Stockholders is a U.S. Person (as that term is defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933) and Mr. Chan acquired our shares in the Reverse Merger outside of the United States.In issuing these securities to Tang Stockholders, we claim an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act) for the private placement of the shares of our common stock to them pursuant to Regulation S promulgated thereunder since, among other things, the offer or sale was made in an offshore transaction and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. In addition, the recipient of the shares certified that it is not a U.S. person and is not acquiring the securities for the account or benefit of any U.S. person and agreed to resell such securities only in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from registration; and agreed not to engage in hedging transactions with regard to such securities unless in compliance with the Act.Accounting Treatment; Change of ControlThe Business Combination is being accounted for as a reverse acquisition, and Tang Dynasty is deemed to be the acquirer. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that will be reflected in the financial statements prior to the Business Combination will be those of Tang Dynasty and its consolidated subsidiaries and will be recorded at the historical cost basis of Tang Dynasty, and the consolidated financial statements after consummation of the Business Combination will include the assets and liabilities of Tang Dynasty, historical operations of Tang Dynasty, and operations of IMGL and its subsidiaries from the Closing Date of the Business Combination.Pursuant to the Business Combination, a change of control of the IMGL occurred as of the Closing Date. Except as described in this Report, no arrangements or understandings exist among present or former controlling shareholders with respect to the election of members of our Board and, to our knowledge, no other arrangements exist that might result in a change of control of the IMGL.We continue to be a smaller reporting company, as defined under the Exchange Act, following the Business Combination. We believe that, as a result of the Business Combination, we have ceased to be a shell company (as that term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act).11DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESSOverviewImmediately following the Business Combination, the business of Yangshuo County Xing Yuan Lead-Zine Mine Co., Ltd. (Yangshuo) is to engage in waste management, recycling of tailing and mining of lead-zinc concentrates.Corporate InformationAs described above, we were incorporated in Nevada on July 25, 2005. Since incorporation and prior to the Business Combination, we were a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act).As a result of the Business Combination, we acquired the business of Yangshuo and have ceased to be a shell company.Our principal executive offices are located at suites 502 and 503 on the 5th floor of Fourseas building in Jordan, Hong Kong. Our telephone number is (852) 9022-8228. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Current Report on Form 8-K.Corporate History and StructureIncorporation and Structure of IMGLImage International Group, Inc. (IMGL) was initially incorporated in the state of Nevada on July 25, 2005 under the name of Eardley Ventures. On April 21, 2008, the Companys name, Eardley Ventures, was changed to Owlhead Minerals Corp in order to more appropriately reflect the Companys business plan. On December 23, 2014, Owlhead Minerals Corp. filed an Amendment to it Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State, changing its name from Owlhead Minerals Corp. to Image International Group, Inc. and increasing its authorized capital from 100,000,000 common shares with a par value of $0.001 to 1,000,000,000 shares common shares with a par value of $0.001.In September 2016, IMGL engaged a geologist, along with a consultant, to conduct a first-hand examination of several promising claims near Quesnel, British Columbia. This prospect turned out to be a potentially good placer development but without hard rock potential. IMGL decided to turn down the opportunity.Finally in December 2016, IMGL was presented with a group of claims (cells) known as the Teako property. The Teako cells are located half way between Terrace and Smithers, British Columbia and are near the original gold rush town of Hazelton B.C. which was founded in 1866, the site of the original gateway and staging area for the famous Omineca Gold rush days of 1869-1873.Initially, a total of 20 cells were acquired totaling 296 hectares (approx. 730 acres). After preliminary examination of the area, IMGL came to the conclusion that the area appeared to have significant potential. Therefore, IMGLs management requested that the Prospector/Vendor stake more cells adjacent or adjoining the original claim group on behalf of IMGL. An additional 2577 hectares (approx. 6368 acres) were staked, bringing our land package to a total of 2873 hectares, or about 7098 acres. The cells have good access to many miles of new logging roads that have recently been opened up in the area.In addition, IMGL added 735.45 acres (Surprise claims) just to the north east of our Teako claims.IMGL acquired the initial cells for a cash payment of US$10,000 and 1.5-million restricted shares, which are subject to a long-term hold. The additional cells were staked on behalf of IMGL.IMGL is an exploration stage company and its principal business is the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company is currently seeking a new business opportunity. On January 15, 2018, IMGL entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Tang Dynasty Investment Group Limited. Tang Dynasty Investment Group Limited is a limited liability company incorporated on March 22, 2017 under the laws of Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region, China. Prior to the Share Exchange Agreements, all its 10,000 issued and outstanding shares, par value $0.128 (HK$1) per share, were owned by Hoi Ming Chan, Yuk Kiu Chan, Herman Cheuk Kau Kwong, Kwok Leung Lee, Ni Qin, and Ping Chan., Kwok Leung Lee, Ni Qin, and Ping Chan.22Incorporation and Structure of Tang DynastyTang Dynasty Investment Group Limited (Tang Dynasty) was incorporated as a limited liability company in Hong Kong on March 22, 2017. The share capital of Tang Dynasty is 10,000 ordinary shares at $1,288 (HKD10,000) and wholly owned by six Tang Stockholders. Mr. Hoi Ming Chan is the sole director of Tang Dynasty. Tang Dynasty acquired Guangdong Shenzhen Gu Yue Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. (Gu Yue) on November 29, 2017. Gu Yue is wholly Foreign-Owned enterprises (WFOE) and wholly owned by Tang Dynasty.Incorporation and Structure of Shenzhen Gu Yue Environmental Protection Technology Co. Ltd.Shenzhen Gu Yue Environmental Protection Technology Co. Ltd. was incorporated on November 8, 2010 as a domestic company in the PRC. It was then acquired by Tang Dynasty Investment Group Limited, a Hong Kong company on November 29, 2017 for a consideration of $1,513,065 (RMB 10 million) and became a wholly owned subsidiary of Tang Dynasty. Simultaneously, it was converted to a Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise (WFOE). On December 5, 2017, Gu Yue obtained a controlling interest of Yangshuo through a series of contractual agreements including Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, Exclusive Option Agreement, Power of Attorney and Equity Pledge Agreement.Incorporation and Structure of Yangshuo County Xing Yuan Lead-Zinc Mine Co. Ltd.Yangshuo County Xing Yuan Lead-Zinc Mine Co. Ltd. (Yangshuo) is located in Xingping Town, the junction of Yangshuo, Gongcheng and Lingchuan. The company is 21 km away from Xingping Town and 47 km away from Yangshuo. Yangshuo is a joint-stock enterprise established in the former State-owned Yangshuo County Lead-Zinc Mine, which formed in January 2002. So far, there are approximately 50 shareholders. In the past, Yangshuo had the capacity to deal with 150 tons per day of mining. It was the largest industrial and mining enterprise in Yangshuo County, which represented 10% of the revenue of Yangshuo County. Its traditional business mining of lead-zinc has been diminished and idled. Since 2017, Yangshuo has been exploring business opportunities in engaging the business of mine tailings. In late 2017, it has entered into a series of contractual agreements with Gu Yue (see discussion under Contractual arrangements between Gu Yue and Yangshuo below). At present, Yangshuo is in a process of obtaining a mining certificate from the governmental agencies.Yangshuos facilities are located in Yangshuo County Office and in the county Dongling, cover 4,000 square meters of land in total, and our office is located at the North Menger, cover more than 400 square meters of land. The commercial use is high, and there is great possibility of appreciation.As of September 30, 2017, the value of Yangshuos properties and land use rights is approximately valued at $2.1 million (RMB 14 million) by Grant Sherman Appraisal Limited, our independent valuation specialist with its principal executive office in Hong Kong (website: www.grantsherman.com).On December 5, 2017, Yangshuo signed a series of contractual arrangements (the Power of Attorney, the Exclusive Business Operation Agreement, the Exclusive Business Option Agreement and Equity Interest Pledge Agreement) with Shenzhen Gu Yue Environmental Protection Technology Co. Ltd, which was incorporated on November 8, 2010 and converted to a Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise (WFOE) on November 29, 2017. Under such agreements, Gu Yue provides comprehensive administrative, managerial and operational supports to Yangshuo, assumes Yangshuos business risk of loss and receive all the expected residual returns of Yangshuo. Accordingly, Yangshuo is under the effective control of Gu Yue and its accounts will be consolidated with Gu Yues accounts in accordance with ASC 810-10, Consolidation, upon the execution of those agreements.Contractual Arrangements between Gu Yue and YangshuoAlthough neither we nor our subsidiaries own any equity interest in Yangshuo, instead, we control and receive the economic benefits of Yangshuos business operations through a series of contractual arrangements. Gu Yue, Yangshuo and its shareholder entered into such a series of contractual arrangements, also known as VIE Agreements, on December 5, 2017. The VIE agreements are designed to provide Gu Yue with the power, rights and obligations equivalent in all material respects to those it would possess as the sole equity holder of Yangshuo, including absolute control rights and the rights to the assets, property and revenue of Yangshuo.33According to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement between Gu Yue and Yangshuo, which is one of the VIE Agreements that was also entered into on December 5, 2017, Yangshuo is obligated to pay service fees to Gu Yue to take the net income of Yangshuo.Each of the VIE Agreements is described in detail below:Exclusive Business Cooperation AgreementPursuant to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement between Yangshuo and Gu Yue, Gu Yue provides Yangshuo with technical support, consulting services and other management services relating to its day-to-day business operations and management, on an exclusive basis, utilizing its advantages in technology, human resources, and information. Additionally, Yangshuo granted an irrevocable and exclusive option to Gu Yue to purchase from Yangshuo, any or all of Yangshuos assets at the lowest purchase price permitted under the PRC laws. Should Gu Yue exercise such option, the parties shall enter into a separate asset transfer or similar agreement. For services rendered to Yangshuo by Gu Yue under this agreement, Gu Yue is entitled to collect a service fee calculated based on the time of services rendered multiplied by the corresponding rate, plus the amount of the services fees or ratio decided by Gu Yue based on the value of services rendered by Gu Yue.The Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement shall remain in effect unless it is terminated in writing by Gu Yue. Yangshuo does not have the right to terminate the agreement unilaterally.The legal representative of Gu Yue, Ms. Ni QIN, is currently managing Yangshuo pursuant to the terms of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement. Gu Yue has absolute authority relating to the management of Yangshuo, including but not limited to decisions with regard to expenses, salary raises and bonuses, hiring, firing and other operational functions. The Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement does not prohibit related party transactions. However, upon establishment of the Companys audit committee at the consummation of this offering, the audit committee will be required to review and approve in advance any related party transactions, including transactions involving Gu Yue or Yangshuo.Share Pledge AgreementUnder the Share Pledge Agreement among Gu Yue and Ms. Hui Zhang, who intends to acquire 100% shares of Yangshuo (Yangshuo Shareholder), the Yangshuo Shareholder pledged all of her equity interests in Yangshuo to Gu Yue to guarantee the performance of Yangshuos obligations under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement. Under the terms of the agreement, in the event that Yangshuo or its shareholder breach her respective contractual obligations under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, Gu Yue, as pledgee, will be entitled to certain rights, including, but not limited to, the right to collect dividends generated by the pledged equity interests. The Yangshuo Shareholder also agrees that upon occurrence of any event of default, as set forth in the Share Pledge Agreement, Gu Yue is entitled to dispose of the pledged equity interest in accordance with applicable PRC laws. The Yangshuo Shareholder further agrees not to dispose of the pledged equity interests or take any actions that would prejudice Gu Yues interest.The Share Pledge Agreement shall be effective until all payments due under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement have been paid by Yangshuo. Gu Yue shall cancel or terminate the Share Pledge Agreement upon Yangshuos full payment of fees payable under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement.The purposes of the Share Pledge Agreement are to (1) guarantee the performance of Yangshuos obligations under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, (2) make sure the shareholder of Yangshuo shall not transfer or assign the pledged equity interests, or create or allow any encumbrance that would prejudice Gu Yues interests without Gu Yues prior written consent and (3) provide Gu Yue control over Yangshuo. Under the Exclusive Option Agreement (described below), Gu Yue may exercise its option to acquire the equity interests in Yangshuo any time to the extent permitted by the PRC Law. In the event Yangshuo breaches its contractual obligations under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, Gu Yue will be entitled to foreclose on Yangshuo Shareholder equity interests in Yangshuo and may (1) exercise its option to purchase or designate third parties to purchase part or all of their equity interests in Yangshuo and in this situation, Gu Yue may terminate the VIE agreements after acquisition of all equity interests in Yangshuo or form a new VIE structure with the third parties designated by Gu Yue; or (2) dispose the pledged equity interests and be paid in priority out of the proceeds from the disposal in which case the VIE structure will be terminated.44Exclusive Option AgreementUnder the Exclusive Option Agreement, the Yangshuo Shareholder irrevocably granted Gu Yue (or its designee) an exclusive option to purchase, to the extent permitted under PRC law, once or at multiple times, at any time, part or all of their equity interests in Yangshuo. The option price is RMB 10 or the minimum price regulated by PRC law.Under the Exclusive Option Agreement, Gu Yue may at any time under any circumstances, purchase, or have its designated person to purchase, at its discretion, to the extent permitted under PRC law, all or part of the shareholders equity interests in Yangshuo.The agreement remains effective until all equity interests held by Yangshuo shareholder have been transferred or assigned to Gu Yue and/or any other person designated by Gu Yue in accordance with this agreement.Power of AttorneyUnder the Power of Attorney, the Yangshuo Shareholder authorize Gu Yue to act on her behalf as her exclusive agent and attorney with respect to all rights as shareholder, including but not limited to: (a) attending shareholders meetings; (b) exercising all the shareholders rights, including voting, that shareholder is entitled to under the laws of China and the Articles of Association, including but not limited to the sale or transfer or pledge or disposition of shares in part or in whole; and (c) designating and appointing on behalf of shareholder the legal representative, the executive director, supervisor, the chief executive officer and other senior management members of Yangshuo.Power of Attorney shall be irrevocable and continuously effective and valid from the date of execution of this Power of Attorney.The Exclusive Option Agreement, together with the Share Pledge Agreement and the Power of Attorney enable Gu Yue to exercise effective control over Yangshuo.The diagram below illustrates our current corporate structure:55Our Recycling of Mine Tailings BusinessAfter Business Combination, we plan to engage in mine tailings, particularly lead-zinc mine tailings recycling business in China through our operating entity Yangshuo. Being part of Chinas solid waste recycling industry, Chinese mine tailing recycling market has huge potential. As rapid economic growth and population growth led to increased solid waste in recent years, the inadequate solid waste treatment capacity and pollution issues have become two of the most important environmental issues for the Chinese government and industry players. According to green money journals report, to address the solid waste issues, the Chinese government will invest RMB 2-4 trillion in the solid waste recycling industry during the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan. As a result, some industry experts and experienced entrepreneurs predicted that the sand tailings industry can further promote the environmental protection industry in the next five years. Given that potential growth in the sand tailings industry, we plan to follow this market trend and invest our efforts into engaging in the lead-zinc mine tailings recycling business.Chinese Mine Tailing Recycling MarketIn recent years, China Ministry of Science and Technology and the National Development and Reform Commission organized and developed a series of comprehensive utilization research of Jinchuan, Baotou Baiyun Ebo mine, Panzhihua vanadium-chromium magnetite mines. The research results indicated that valuable minerals could be recycled through the comprehensive utilization of tailings and generate significant economic benefits. Since this recovery, a number of companies started their mine tailing recycling business and achieved economic success. For example, Jiangxi Copper Company re-concentrated and recovered 1,000 tons of sulfur concentrate, 9.2 tons of copper, 40kg of gold annually from copper mine tailings produced by the copper mine located in Dexing, China. Australian Bo Green Resources Company recovered significant amount of raw gold from Henan Yintongpos gold mine tailings, which has been proven to stored more than 2 million tons of gold.In addition to valuable mineral recovering, the tailings also can be converted to fertilizers, concrete additives, brick making and downhole filling materials.66Yangshuos Project of Lead-Zinc Mine Tailing RecyclingOur proposed project is based on the comprehensive reutilization of the valuable elements: lead and zinc of the mine tailings, and the remaining tailings are used for fertilizers, concrete additives, brick making and downhole filling materials.We are currently seeking to engage in mining of lead-zinc tailings in Xing Ping Town. Due to the traffic inconvenience and the lack of mineral processing technology at that time, the present tailings dam has yet to be developed and retains high-quality resources. According to the inspection result of local surveying and mapping bureau, the content of the valuable minerals in the lead-zinc mine is high, and the average qualities of those exceeds the boundary grade of the lead-zinc mine, which has great comprehensive utilization value. At present, Yangshuo is in a process of obtaining a mining certificate from the governmental agencies.Our Planned Sand Tailing ProcessFirst, pump sand tailings by a sand pump from the tail sand reserve to a primary treatment pond.Second, sift tailings in a roll sieve in the primary treatment pond and pump the qualified tailings into divided buckets, and then assign to each spiral chute for further sorting. Unqualified tailings are discharged to a belt conveyor from the roll sieve, and then transferred to the ball mill for grinding. The grinded tailings are re-transferred to the roll sieve for further sifting. These form a closed loop system.Third, the qualified tailings which have been sorted in the first spiral chute (second step above) are sent to the next level of spiral chute and have them sorted again. After that, the qualified tailings with enriched metal will be sent to the next level spiral chute for selections. Then the selected qualified tailings with enriched lead-zinc content will be transported to the mine concentrator for further processing and detoxification. The processed and detoxified tailings with enriched lead-zinc content will be dispensed and ready to be used for industrial purpose.Fourth, the selected tailings from step three above will be discharged to a concentration tank for concentration treatment. The concentrated tailings are infiltrated through the filter. The filtering process produces dry sand which contains moisture content at approximately 12%. The dry sand will be transported to the brick factory for brick production.Fifth, water discharged from the concentration tank and filter are mixed and transported back to the primary treatment pond, then pump them to the tail sand pump through water pump and get ready for reuse. The recycled water in the return basin supplies water for the entire production process.77Competitive Strengths Long history in mining industryLong history in mining industryIMGL has been engaged in acquisition of gemstone and other precious mineral resources since 2014. Our subsidiary, Yangshuo, has engaged in lead-zinc mining industry since 1958. In 1967, after built a small re-election plant, thus it transformed into semi-mechanized mining. In 1975, it converted into flotation plant production and produced 100 tons per day.The existing 150 tons per day mine processing model is designed and constructed by Guangxi Industrial Design Institute (the former Guangxi Metallurgical Design Institute) in 1984, and put into operation in 1988. IMGL believes that its extensive experience in mining production can provide technical skills in transitioning its traditional mining business to sand tailings business.IMGL has been engaged in acquisition of gemstone and other precious mineral resources since 2014. Our subsidiary, Yangshuo, has engaged in lead-zinc mining industry since 1958. In 1967, after built a small re-election plant, thus it transformed into semi-mechanized mining. In 1975, it converted into flotation plant production and produced 100 tons per day.The existing 150 tons per day mine processing model is designed and constructed by Guangxi Industrial Design Institute (the former Guangxi Metallurgical Design Institute) in 1984, and put into operation in 1988. IMGL believes that its extensive experience in mining production can provide technical skills in transitioning its traditional mining business to sand tailings business. Experienced management in mining industryExperienced management in mining industryOur sole director, Mr. Hoi Ming Chan, is an inventor of new energy technologies. He has participated in a number of waste disposal plants in Shijiazhuang China beginning in 2007 and has been working on power generation projects from March 2010 to present. He is an advocate of renewable environmental protection energy technology, research, and work on commercial applications in China in order to establish a new energy research, development and manufacturing base within the country beginning with a project in cooperation with Dalian Xinbao Biomass Co. Ltd. Mr. Chan is a respected businessman and maintains the backing of the senior level of Chinese government as the country moves towards reducing its carbon footprint.Our sole director, Mr. Hoi Ming Chan, is an inventor of new energy technologies. He has participated in a number of waste disposal plants in Shijiazhuang China beginning in 2007 and has been working on power generation projects from March 2010 to present. He is an advocate of renewable environmental protection energy technology, research, and work on commercial applications in China in order to establish a new energy research, development and manufacturing base within the country beginning with a project in cooperation with Dalian Xinbao Biomass Co. Ltd. Mr. Chan is a respected businessman and maintains the backing of the senior level of Chinese government as the country moves towards reducing its carbon footprint. Environmental-friendly operationsEnvironmental-friendly operationsHistorically, the tailings have been ground to 0.15-0.07mm particles and stored in the dam or the nearby river, valleys, low ground. The rivers and valleys were occasionally overflown with the accumulated tailings which could seriously contaminate the water and soil. Due to the heavy rainfall or natural disaster, tailings dam disaster frequently occurred. Our tailing recycling process provides an effective method to solve the problem of tailing contamination. The processed tailings can be used as fertilizers, concrete additives, brick making and construction materials. Since those processed tailings have been detoxified, the utilization of tailings resources not only extends the life of the mine ore but also offer the environment-friendly construction products.Historically, the tailings have been ground to 0.15-0.07mm particles and stored in the dam or the nearby river, valleys, low ground. The rivers and valleys were occasionally overflown with the accumulated tailings which could seriously contaminate the water and soil. Due to the heavy rainfall or natural disaster, tailings dam disaster frequently occurred. Our tailing recycling process provides an effective method to solve the problem of tailing contamination. The processed tailings can be used as fertilizers, concrete additives, brick making and construction materials. Since those processed tailings have been detoxified, the utilization of tailings resources not only extends the life of the mine ore but also offer the environment-friendly construction products. Solid Governmental supportSolid Governmental supportAs China became increasingly aware of its environmental problem, The Government of the Peoples Republic of China has consistently promoted and enforced various environmental protection polices in recent years. Given that our recycling process of tailings enables us to reuse the mineral wastes and convert them to reusable materials for construction, agricultural and industrial uses. The government has provided substantive subsidies in environmental protection related industries and business.As China became increasingly aware of its environmental problem, The Government of the Peoples Republic of China has consistently promoted and enforced various environmental protection polices in recent years. Given that our recycling process of tailings enables us to reuse the mineral wastes and convert them to reusable materials for construction, agricultural and industrial uses. The government has provided substantive subsidies in environmental protection related industries and business.CompetitionWe plan to be the pioneer in processing of sand tailing reserve in the Yangshuo county and the nearby vicinity of Guangxi Province. Within Yangshuo County, we do not have any relative competitors in the lead-zinc tailing since we are the largest lead-zinc mining operator in the vicinity. Nationally, we may face competition from dozens of competitors of varying sizes and geographic reach, who operate their businesses similar to our planned business. Our sales could be reduced significantly if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective, more convenient, or are less expensive than our products. We believe that we have differentiated ourselves from our potential competitors due to several factors. We strive to refine our sand tailings recycling process to keep it innovative and efficient. We have a physical presence in key location such as Yangshuo County, which enables us to meet our customers demands at a speed that supersedes the competition.We will focus on regional markets during the initial phrase of our sand tailing business and plan to sell our products to the customers nationwide within the Peoples Republic of China in a near future.88Business StrategiesPursue Disciplined Acquisition StrategyWe intend to expand the scope of our operations by acquiring solid waste management companies and disposal facilities in new markets and in existing or adjacent markets that are combined with, or tucked into, our existing operations. We intend to focus our acquisition efforts on markets that we believe provide significant growth opportunities.Drive Financial Performance through Operational ExcellenceWe continue to pursue a consistent operational focus on prudent cost management and pricing discipline to drive profitability. To optimize the cost of tailing process, we have entered into an operational agreement with Fortune Deluxe Limited, a Hong Kong company on November 15, 2017. The agreement provides that Fortune Deluxe Limited utilizes its advanced tailing technologies and machinery in the tailing process. Further, we continue to seek to increase operating margins, and cash flow from operations and drive higher returns on invested capital by implementing programs focused on areas such as sales productivity and pricing effectiveness, driver productivity and route optimization, maintenance efficiency and effective purchasing.Invest in Our PeopleEmploying and developing a broad base of highly talented employees is essential to success. We plan to invest in high-quality talent in order to most effectively manage our proposed operations and execute our growth strategy. We will continuously recruit and hire talented local-level employees who are capable of supporting our growth initiatives and provide the best-in-class customer service we strive to deliver.Intellectual PropertyWe do not own or license any significant intellectual property, including patent, registered trademark or copyright, in connection with our operations.Government Regulations1. Industry Regulators And Industry Organizations We operate in lead-zinc flotation and tailings treatment, which is supervised by several government departments of China. National Development and Reform Commission released the Guiding Catalog of Industrial Structure Adjustment (2013), which set out the encouraged, restricted and out-of-class technologies and projects in the non-ferrous metals industry and macro-control the development of the industry. Ministry of Industry and Information Technology makes the industry development strategy, formulates industry planning and industrial policies, and organizes the development of industry standards and technical regulations. As the competent department of geology and mineral resources, the Ministry of Land and Resources is responsible for the exploration of mineral resources. Ministry of Environmental Protection and State Administration of Work Safety respectively regulate environmental protection and safety production of the industry. The industry organizations of non-ferrous metals in China are China Nonferrous Metals Industry Association and China Non-ferrous Metal Processing Industry Association. 2. Industry Regulations In order to strengthen the structural adjustment of lead and zinc industries, further standardize and improve the production and operation of enterprises, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology released the Lead and Zinc Industry Standard Conditions (2015) (hereinafter Standard) on March 16, 2015. It provides the regulations regarding the new lead and zinc smelting projects, enterprise layout, production scale, quality, equipment, energy consumption, comprehensive utilization of resources and environmental protection, safety in production, prevention and treatment of occupational diseases, etc.We operate in lead-zinc flotation and tailings treatment, which is supervised by several government departments of China. National Development and Reform Commission released the Guiding Catalog of Industrial Structure Adjustment (2013), which set out the encouraged, restricted and out-of-class technologies and projects in the non-ferrous metals industry and macro-control the development of the industry. Ministry of Industry and Information Technology makes the industry development strategy, formulates industry planning and industrial policies, and organizes the development of industry standards and technical regulations. As the competent department of geology and mineral resources, the Ministry of Land and Resources is responsible for the exploration of mineral resources. Ministry of Environmental Protection and State Administration of Work Safety respectively regulate environmental protection and safety production of the industry.The industry organizations of non-ferrous metals in China are China Nonferrous Metals Industry Association and China Non-ferrous Metal Processing Industry Association.2. Industry RegulationsIn order to strengthen the structural adjustment of lead and zinc industries, further standardize and improve the production and operation of enterprises, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology released the Lead and Zinc Industry Standard Conditions (2015) (hereinafter Standard) on March 16, 2015. It provides the regulations regarding the new lead and zinc smelting projects, enterprise layout, production scale, quality, equipment, energy consumption, comprehensive utilization of resources and environmental protection, safety in production, prevention and treatment of occupational diseases, etc.99Industry Access New and converted lead-zinc mine mining and smelting projects must comply with national industrial policies, the overall planning of land use in this region, mineral resources planning, heavy metal pollution prevention and other requirements. In China, mineral resources are owned by the state. Before enterprises obtain mineral resources, they must first apply for and obtain the exploration and mining licenses issued by the department of Land and Resources according to law. The above licenses are the major barriers to entry into this industry. Production scale The holder of the mining right shall mine according to the approved plan for exploitation and utilization of mineral resources, and comply with the minimum production scale. Quality The mining and smelting enterprises of Lead and zinc shall have a complete product quality management system. Lead and zinc concentrate product must meet the The Specification for Limit on Harmful Element Content of The Heavy Metal Concentrates Products (GB/T20424-2006). Technology and Equipment The government encourages the use of advanced smelting technology with independent intellectual property rights, emphasizing resource utilization and environmental protection. Energy Consumption Lead and zinc enterprises must have a sound energy management system. The energy measurement equipment should be consistent with the relevant requirements provided in the General Principle For Equipping and Managing of the Measuring Instrument of Energy in Organization of Energy Using (GB17167-2006) Environmental Protection Lead-zinc mines and smelting enterprises shall comply with laws, regulations and policies concerning environmental protection. The enterprise shall obtain the license before carrying out the business. Enterprises should pay attention to land and environmental protection in the lead-zinc mining process and control the pollution during mining. The discharge of pollutants shall comply with the Emission Standard of Pollutants from Lead and Zinc Industry (GB25466-2010). Tailings, smelting slag, smelting ash and other solid waste must be disposed of in accordance with the requirements of the solid waste and hazardous waste management requirements. Safety in Production And Occupational Disease Prevention Enterprises must abide by Safety Production Law, Mine Safety Law, Occupational Disease Prevention Law and other laws and regulations. The enterprise shall implement the national standards and industrial standards regarding the protection of employee and disease prevention. Besides, Enterprises shall obtain the Safety Production License in accordance with the Regulation on Work Safety Permits (2014) and other relevant provisions of laws before engaging in production activities.Industry AccessNew and converted lead-zinc mine mining and smelting projects must comply with national industrial policies, the overall planning of land use in this region, mineral resources planning, heavy metal pollution prevention and other requirements.In China, mineral resources are owned by the state. Before enterprises obtain mineral resources, they must first apply for and obtain the exploration and mining licenses issued by the department of Land and Resources according to law. The above licenses are the major barriers to entry into this industry.Production scaleThe holder of the mining right shall mine according to the approved plan for exploitation and utilization of mineral resources, and comply with the minimum production scale.QualityThe mining and smelting enterprises of Lead and zinc shall have a complete product quality management system. Lead and zinc concentrate product must meet the The Specification for Limit on Harmful Element Content of The Heavy Metal Concentrates Products (GB/T20424-2006).Technology and EquipmentThe government encourages the use of advanced smelting technology with independent intellectual property rights, emphasizing resource utilization and environmental protection.Energy ConsumptionLead and zinc enterprises must have a sound energy management system. The energy measurement equipment should be consistent with the relevant requirements provided in the General Principle For Equipping and Managing of the Measuring Instrument of Energy in Organization of Energy Using (GB17167-2006)Environmental ProtectionLead-zinc mines and smelting enterprises shall comply with laws, regulations and policies concerning environmental protection. The enterprise shall obtain the license before carrying out the business.Enterprises should pay attention to land and environmental protection in the lead-zinc mining process and control the pollution during mining. The discharge of pollutants shall comply with the Emission Standard of Pollutants from Lead and Zinc Industry (GB25466-2010). Tailings, smelting slag, smelting ash and other solid waste must be disposed of in accordance with the requirements of the solid waste and hazardous waste management requirements.Safety in Production And Occupational Disease PreventionEnterprises must abide by Safety Production Law, Mine Safety Law, Occupational Disease Prevention Law and other laws and regulations. The enterprise shall implement the national standards and industrial standards regarding the protection of employee and disease prevention. Besides, Enterprises shall obtain the Safety Production License in accordance with the Regulation on Work Safety Permits (2014) and other relevant provisions of laws before engaging in production activities.1010Foreign investment restrictions The National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Commerce issued The Catalogue of Industries for Guiding Foreign Investment (2015) (hereinafter as the Catalogue), which was effective from April 10, 2015. According to this Catalog, the restrictions on foreign investment in lead, zinc and other non-ferrous metal smelting were removed. The Catalogue was revised again in 2017 and no clear restriction was found on foreign investment in lead and zinc. Research and DevelopmentForeign investment restrictionsThe National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Commerce issued The Catalogue of Industries for Guiding Foreign Investment (2015) (hereinafter as the Catalogue), which was effective from April 10, 2015. According to this Catalog, the restrictions on foreign investment in lead, zinc and other non-ferrous metal smelting were removed. The Catalogue was revised again in 2017 and no clear restriction was found on foreign investment in lead and zinc.Research and DevelopmentWe currently do not conduct any research and development activities.EmployeesAs of January 18, 2018, we have 19 full time employees, with 2 full time employees at IMGL, 2 full time employees at Tang Dynasty, 2 full time employees at Gu Yue and 13 full time employees at Yangshuo. As we are expanding our operation, our recruitment process is still ongoing.1111RISK FACTORSAn investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this report before deciding to invest in our common stock.The global economy and the financial markets may negatively affect our business and clients, as well as the supply of and demand for works of art.Our business is affected by global, national and local economic conditions since the services we provide are discretionary and we depend, to a significant extent, upon a number of factors relating to discretionary consumer spending in Hong Kong and Mainland China. These factors include economic conditions and perceptions of such conditions by Traders, employment rates, the level of Traders disposable income, business conditions, interest rates, availability of credit and levels of taxation in regional and local markets. There can be no assurance that our services will not be adversely affected by changes in general economic conditions in China and globally.The mining waste recycling market is influenced over time by the overall strength and stability of the global economy and the financial markets, although this correlation may not be immediately evident. In addition, political conditions and world events may affect our business through their effect on the economies, as well as on the willingness of potential buyers and sellers to invest and sell art in the wake of economic uncertainty.A decline in trading volumes will decrease our trading revenues.Trading volumes are directly affected by economic, political and market conditions, broad trends in business and finance, unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading, the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, changes in price levels of artworks and the overall level of investor confidence. In recent years, trading volumes across our markets have fluctuated depending on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. Because a significant percentage of our revenues are tied directly to the trading volumes on our markets, it is likely that a general decline in trading volumes would lower revenues and may adversely affect our operating results. Declines in trading volumes may also impact our market share or pricing structures and adversely affect our business and financial condition.System limitations or failures could harm our business.Our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer and communications systems supporting them. If our systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times and delays in the introduction of new services. These consequences could result financial losses and decreased customer service and satisfaction. If trading volumes increase unexpectedly or other unanticipated events occur, we may need to expand and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. We do not know whether we will be able to accurately project the rate, timing or cost of any increases, or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate any increases in a timely manner.A variety of uncontrollable events may reduce our ability to provide our trading services, impair our ability to provide our services or increase the cost of providing our services.Our headquarters are in Hong Kong SAR and our servers are in Hong Kong SAR, Macau and mainland China, which are historically susceptible to adverse weather conditions such as typhoons, excessive heat or rain, earthquakes and floods. Those natural disasters may result in significant and extensive damage to our network equipment. Moreover, certain countries and regions, including China, have encountered incidents of the H5N1 strain of bird flu, or avian flu, as well as severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, over the past several years and, in 2009, the outbreak of influenza A (H1N1). In 2010, an earthquake registering 7.1 on the Richter scale struck Qinghai Province. In April 2013, another major earthquake registering 7.0 on the Richter scale struck Yaan region of Sichuan Province. In 2013, certain areas of China suffered from severe floods. We are unable to predict the effect, if any, that any other future natural disasters and health hazards may have on our business. Any future natural disasters and health hazards may, among other things, significantly disrupt our ability to adequately staff our business, and may generally disrupt our operations. Furthermore, natural disasters and health hazards may severely restrict the level of economic activities in affected areas, which may in turn materially adversely affect our business and prospects. As a result, any natural disasters or health hazards in China may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. These events and others, such as fluctuations in energy costs and computer virus attacks, intrusions or other widespread computing or telecommunications failures, may also damage our ability to provide our services or to obtain insurance coverage with respect to these events.1212We have insufficient insurance coverageWe presently do not have any insurance to cover certain events such as physical damage to our office premises and resulting business interruption, certain injuries occurring on our property and liability for breach of legal responsibilities as we believe, based on our organization, business model and the remote possibility of the incurrence of substantial damages from such events, that the costs of such insurance greatly exceeds the benefits of having it. However, in the possible event of a significant loss from such an event, this may severely impact our performance or continue as a going concern.The success of our business depends on our ability to market and advertise the services we provide effectively.Our ability to establish effective marketing campaigns is the key to our success. Our advertisements promote our corporate image and our services. If we are unable to increase awareness of our brand, the benefits of using our trading platform to invest in artwork and that such investment is secure, we may not be able to attract new Traders. Our marketing activities may not be successful in promoting our services or in retaining and increasing our Trader base. We cannot assure you that our marketing programs will be adequate to support our future growth, which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations.If we are unable to renew the lease of our property, our operations may be adversely affected.We do not directly own the land over the property we lease. We may lose our leases or may not be able to renew it when it is due on terms that are reasonable or favorable to us. This may have adverse impact on our operations, including disrupting our operations or increasing our cost of operations.We are currently involved as a third party in an administrative litigation in which our right to use certain part of the land we own was challenged. See Business - Legal Proceedings. The outcome of such administrative litigation may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or operating results and may continue without resolution for long periods of time. Although we believe the outcome of this litigation will ultimately be in our favor, administrative litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and managements view of these matters may change in the future.The failure to manage growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our employee efficiency, product quality, working capital levels, and results of operations.Any significant growth in the market for our services or our entry into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base for managerial, operational, financial, and other purposes. As of the date of this report, we had approximately 19 full time employees. During any growth, we may face problems related to our operational and financial systems and controls, including quality control and delivery and service capacities. We would also need to continue to expand, train and manage our employee base. Continued future growth will impose significant added responsibilities upon the members of management to identify, recruit, maintain, integrate, and motivate new employees.Aside from increased difficulties in the management of human resources, we may also encounter working capital issues, as we will need increased liquidity to finance the purchase of supplies, development of new products and services, and the hiring of additional employees. For effective growth management, we will be required to continue improving our operations, management, and financial systems and controls. Our failure to manage growth effectively may lead to operational and financial inefficiencies that will have a negative effect on our profitability. We cannot assure investors that we will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand and maintain the quality standards required by our existing and potential customers.If we need additional capital to fund our growing operations, we may not be able to obtain sufficient capital and may be forced to limit the scope of our operations.If adequate additional financing is not available on reasonable terms, we may not be able to undertake our expansion plan and we would have to modify our business plans accordingly. There is no assurance that additional financing will be available to us.In connection with our growth strategies, we may experience increased capital needs and accordingly, we may not have sufficient capital to fund our future operations without additional capital investments. Our capital needs will depend on numerous factors, including (i) our profitability; (ii) the release of competitive products by our competitors; (iii) the level of our investment in research and development; and (iv) the amount of our capital expenditures, including acquisitions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain capital in the future to meet our needs.1313If we cannot obtain additional funding, we may be required to: (i) limit our investments in research and development; (ii) limit our marketing efforts; and (iii) decrease or eliminate capital expenditures. Such reductions could materially adversely affect our business and our ability to compete.Even if we do find a source of additional capital, we may not be able to negotiate terms and conditions for receiving the additional capital that are acceptable to us. Any future capital investments could dilute or otherwise materially and adversely affect the holdings or rights of our existing stockholders. In addition, new equity or convertible debt securities issued by us to obtain financing could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our Common Stock. We cannot give you any assurance that any additional financing will be available to us, or if available, will be on terms favorable to us.We are dependent on certain key personnel and loss of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.Our success is, to a certain extent, attributable to the management and operational and technical expertise of certain key personnel, especially our CEO, Mr. Hoi Ming Chan. In addition, we will require an increasing number of experienced and competent executives and other members of senior management to implement our growth plans. If we lose the services of any member of our senior management, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel, which could severely disrupt our business and prospects.We are dependent on a trained workforce and any inability to retain or effectively recruit such employees, particularly distribution personnel and regional retail managers for our business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.We must attract, recruit and retain a sizeable workforce of qualified and trained staff to operate our business. Our ability to implement effectively our business strategy and expand our operations will depend upon, among other factors, the successful recruitment and retention of highly skilled and experienced distribution personnel, regional retail managers and other technical and marketing personnel. There is significant competition for qualified personnel in our business and we may not be successful in recruiting or retaining sufficient qualified personnel consistent with our current and future operational needs.Our financial results may fluctuate because of many factors and, as a result, investors should not rely on our historical financial data as indicative of future results.Fluctuations in operating results or the failure of operating results to meet the expectations of public market analysts and investors may negatively impact the market price of our securities. Operating results may fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors that could affect revenues or expenses in any particular quarter. Fluctuations in operating results could cause the value of our securities to decline. Investors should not rely on comparisons of results of operations as an indication of future performance. As result of the factors listed below, it is possible that in future periods results of operations may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. This could cause the market price of our securities to decline. Factors that may affect our quarterly results include:- vulnerability of our business to a general economic downturn in Hong Kong and mainland China; - fluctuation and unpredictability of the prices of the products we sell; - changes in the laws of Hong Kong that affect our operations; and - our ability to obtain necessary government certifications and/or licenses to conduct our business.-vulnerability of our business to a general economic downturn in Hong Kong and mainland China;- fluctuation and unpredictability of the prices of the products we sell;-fluctuation and unpredictability of the prices of the products we sell;- changes in the laws of Hong Kong that affect our operations; and-changes in the laws of Hong Kong that affect our operations; and- our ability to obtain necessary government certifications and/or licenses to conduct our business.-our ability to obtain necessary government certifications and/or licenses to conduct our business.1414Risks Related to Doing Business in Hong KongThe Hong Kong legal system embodies uncertainties which could limit the legal protections available to you and us.The Hong Kong legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. The overall effect of legislation over the past approximately 25 years has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in Hong Kong. However, these laws, regulations and legal requirements change frequently, and their interpretation and enforcement involve uncertainties. For example, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce the legal protection that we enjoy either by law or contract. However, since Hong Kong administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more developed legal systems. For example, these uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered into. In addition, such uncertainties, including the inability to enforce our contracts, could materially and adversely affect our business and operation. In addition, intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in Hong Kong may not be as effective as in the United States or other countries. Accordingly, we cannot predict the effect of future developments in the Hong Kong legal system, including the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, or the preemption of local regulations by national laws. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us, including our ability to enforce our agreements with our customers.Foreign Exchange Risk.While our reporting currency is USD, our revenues, costs and expenses are denominated in RMB and HKD. All of our assets are denominated in HKD and RMB. As a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk as our revenues and results of operations may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange rate between USD and HKD as well as USD and RMB. If the HKD or RMB depreciates against USD, the value of our RMB and HKD revenues, earnings and assets as expressed in our USD financial statements will decline. To date, we have not entered into any foreign exchange forward contracts or similar instruments to attempt to mitigate our exposure to change in foreign currency rates.1515Future inflation in Hong Kong may inhibit our ability to conduct business profitably.In recent years, the Hong Kong economy has experienced periods of rapid expansion and high rates of inflation. High inflation may in the future cause the Hong Kong government to impose controls on credit and/or prices, or to take other action, which could inhibit economic activity in Hong Kong, and thereby harm the market for our services.It will be extremely difficult to acquire jurisdiction and enforce liabilities against our officers, directors and assets based in Hong Kong.Substantially all of our assets will be located in Hong Kong and our officers and our present directors reside outside of the United States, except the Chief Financial Officer As a result, it may not be possible for United States investors to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws.We may have difficulty establishing adequate management, legal and financial controls in Hong Kong, which could impair our planning processes and make it difficult to provide accurate reports of our operating results.Although we will be required to implement internal controls, we may have difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in Hong Kong in these areas. As a result of these factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing the required controls, making it difficult for management to forecast its needs and to present the results of our operations accurately at all times. If we are unable to establish the required controls, market makers may be reluctant to make a market in our stock and investors may be reluctant to purchase our stock, which would make it difficult for you to sell any shares of common stock that you may own or acquire.Because our funds are held in banks which do not provide insurance, the failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could affect our ability to continue in business.Banks and other financial institutions in Hong Kong do not provide insurance for funds held on deposit. The Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board manages and supervises the operation of the Deposit Protection Scheme, which protects deposit amounts up to only USD 64,433 (HK$500,000). As a result, in the event of a bank failure, we may not have access to funds on deposit. Depending upon the amount of money we maintain in a bank that fails, our inability to have access to our cash could impair our operations, and, if we are not able to access funds to pay our employees and other creditors, we may be unable to continue in business.Since we are a Hong Kong company, you will not have certain investor rights as our shareholder, such as the right to bring legal action against other shareholders on behalf of the company.Tang Dynasty, our operational subsidiary, is incorporated in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), or the Companies Ordinance, does not provide for any right for our shareholders, including our significant shareholders, to bring legal action against any other shareholder on our behalf to enforce any claim against such party or parties if we fail to enforce such claim ourselves.Our investors do not have the benefit to rely on the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board inspection of our independent registered public accounting firm.As a company registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and traded publicly in the United States, our independent registered public accounting firm is required by the laws of the United States to be registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB, and undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the United States and professional standards. The PCAOB, however, is currently unable to inspect a registered public accounting firms audit work relating to a companys operations in Hong Kong where the documentation of such audit work is located in Hong Kong. Accordingly, our independent registered public accounting firms audit of our operations in Hong Kong is not subject to the PCAOB inspection. As a result, our investors do not have the benefit of the PCAOB inspection of our independent registered public accounting firms audit works and quality control procedures.1616Risks Relating to Investment in Our SecuritiesAn active public market for our common stock may not develop or be sustained, which would adversely affect the ability of our investors to sell their securities in the public market.We cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained.Shares eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, as the future sale of a substantial amount of outstanding stock in the public marketplace could reduce the price of our common stock.Holders of a significant number of our shares and/or their designees may be eligible to sell our shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act (Rule 144), subject to certain limitations. In general, pursuant to Rule 144, a non-affiliate stockholder (or stockholders whose shares are aggregated) who has satisfied a six-month holding period, and provided that there is current public information available, may sell all of its securities. Rule 144 also permits the sale of securities, without any limitations, by a non-affiliate that has satisfied a one-year holding period. Any substantial sale of common stock pursuant to any resale prospectus or Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock by creating an excessive supply.If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.We will become a public company upon completion of the private placement and our internal control will be essential to the integrity of our business and financial results. Our public reporting obligations are expected to place a strain on our management, operational and financial resources and systems in the foreseeable future. In preparation for this offering, we have implemented measures to enhance our internal controls, and plan to take steps to further improve our internal controls. If we encounter difficulties in improving our internal controls and management information systems, we may incur additional costs and management time in meeting our improvement goals. We cannot assure you that the measures taken to improve our internal controls will be effective. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls in the future, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation may be materially and adversely affected.Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure will result in additional expenses.Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including SOX and related SEC regulations, have created uncertainty for public companies and significantly increased the costs and risks associated with accessing the public markets and public reporting. Our management team will need to invest significant management time and financial resources to comply with both existing and evolving standards for public companies, which will lead to increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities.We do not foresee paying cash dividends in the near future.We do not plan to declare or pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the foreseeable future and currently intend to retain any future earnings for funding growth. As a result, investors should not rely on an investment in our securities if they require the investment to produce dividend income.1717CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis report contains certain statements that may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of United States of America securities laws. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, that address activities, events or developments that we intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate and similar expressions or future conditional verbs such as will, should, would, could or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based upon certain assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate.These statements include, without limitation, statements about our anticipated expenditures, including those related to general and administrative expenses; the potential size of the market for our services, future development and/or expansion of our services in our markets, our ability to generate revenues, our ability to obtain regulatory clearance and expectations as to our future financial performance. Our actual results will likely differ, perhaps materially, from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including: our need and ability to raise additional cash. The forward-looking statements included in this report are subject to a number of additional material risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and the related notes to those statements included in this filing. In addition to historical financial information, this discussion may contain forward-looking statements reflecting our current plans, estimates, beliefs and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many important factors, particularly those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, our actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.1818Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Yangshuo County Xing Yuan Lead-Zinc Mine Co. Ltd.OverviewYangshuo County Xing Yuan Lead-Zinc Mine Co., Ltd. (Yangshuo) was incorporated on January 22, 1996 under the laws of the Peoples Republic of China. Yangshuo primarily engages in lead, zinc and copper mining ore and generates revenue through the sales of processed lead, zinc and copper to customers primarily in Guangxi province. It is located in Xingping Town, the junction of Yangshuo, Gongcheng and Lingchuan. Yangshuo is a joint-stock enterprise established in the former State-owned Yangshuo County Lead-Zinc Mine and there are approximately 50 shareholders.Yangshuo has a long history of lead, zinc and copper mining. In recent years, the Chinese government implemented and enforced environmental protection policy and the drawbacks of the joint-back cooperative system impacted the production efficiency and management of Yangshuo, its traditional business of mining of lead, zinc and copper has been idled in recent years. Since there was a considerable amount of mineral resources particularly in lead-zinc tailing reserve, Yangshuo has been exploring business opportunities in the processing of lead-zinc tailings. At present, Yangshuo is in a process of obtaining a mining certificate from governmental agencies.During this transition period, Yangshuo made its building and land available for lease and entered into operating leases with individual and business lessees. The leases with individual lessees expire over the next 1 to 3 year(s) and the leases with commercial lessees expire over the next 2 to 4 years.Significant Accounting PoliciesBasis of PresentationThe financial statements of Yangshuo have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. This basis of accounting involves the application of accrual accounting and consequently, revenues and gains are recognized when earned, and expenses and losses are recognized when incurred. Yangshuos financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars.Use of Estimates and AssumptionsThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimate and assumptions that impact the presented amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the presented amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Significant estimates during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 include the collectability of receivables, the useful lives of long-lived assets and intangibles, assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-lived assets, valuation of accruals for expenses and tax due.Going concern considerationThe accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern basis. The going-concern basis assumes that assets are realized and liabilities are extinguished in the ordinary course of business at amounts disclosed on the financial statements. The Companys ability to continue as a going concern depends on the liquidation of its current assets. As of September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016, the Company has incurred a comprehensive loss of $11,225 and $175,914 respectively and a negative working capital of $934,965 and $883,688 respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern.In an effort to continue as a going concern, Yangshuo has entered into a series of contractual agreements with Shenzhen Gu Yue Environmental Protection Technology Co. Ltd. (Gu Yue), a PRC company on December 5, 2017. Based on these agreements, Gu Yue obtained the controlling interest of Yangshuo and provides operational, management, marketing, technological and other support services to Yangshuos tailing reserve and sand mix business. The shareholder may also continue to raise fund through private placement or issuance of shares to support the operational needs. Management believes that the foregoing actions would enable Yangshuo to continue as a going concern.1919Foreign Currency TranslationThe reporting currency of Yangshuo is the U.S. dollar. Yangshuo use the local currency, Renminbi (RMB), as their functional currency as determined based on the criteria of ASC 830, Foreign Currency Translation. Assets and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate as quoted by the U.S. Federal Reserve at the end of the period. Income and expense accounts are translated at the average translation rates and the equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive income in the statement of equity. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred. Translation adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive gain/(loss) amounted to 41,620, $(73,921) and $(51,940) as of September 30, 2017, December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.Below is a table with foreign exchange rates used for translation:For the year ended December 31, (Average Rate) September 30, 2017 2016 2015 Chinese Renminbi (RMB) RMB 6.5785 RMB RMB 6.6400 RMB RMB 6.2827 United States dollar ($) $1.0000 $1.0000 $1.0000September 30, 201720162015Chinese Renminbi (RMB) RMB 6.5785 RMB RMB 6.6400 RMB RMB 6.2827RMB6.5785RMBRMB 6.6400RMBRMB 6.2827United States dollar ($) $1.0000 $1.0000 $1.0000$1.0000$1.0000$1.0000As of December 31, (Closing Rate) September 30, 2017 2016 2015 Chinese Renminbi (RMB) RMB 6.6685 RMB 6.9430 RMB 6.4778 United States dollar ($) $1.0000 $1.0000 $1.0000September 30, 201720162015Chinese Renminbi (RMB) RMB 6.6685 RMB 6.9430 RMB 6.4778RMB6.6685RMB6.9430RMB6.4778United States dollar ($) $1.0000 $1.0000 $1.0000$1.0000$1.0000$1.0000Cash and Cash EquivalentsYangshuo considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Yangshuo maintains with various financial institutions in the PRC. As of September 30, 2017, December 31, 2016 and 2015, cash balances held in PRC banks are uninsured. Yangshuo has not experienced any losses in bank accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risks on its cash in bank accounts.Financial InstrumentThe carrying amount reported in the balance sheet for cash, other receivables, accrued liabilities and other payables approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments.Plant, Property and EquipmentPlant, property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Gains and losses on dispositions of property and equipment are included in operating income (loss). Major additions, renewals and improvements are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs are recognized as expense as incurred.Depreciation is provided over the estimated useful life of each class of depreciable assets and is computed using the straight-line method over the useful lives of the assets are as follows:Classification Estimated useful life Buildings Over the lease termEstimated useful lifeBuildings Over the lease termOver the lease term2020IntangiblesIntangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization.Yangshuo accounts for its significant leases of land use rights for purposes of classification of operating or capital. At the inception of the lease agreements, Yangshuo will classify the leases as capital leases under ASC 840-30 if (a) transfer of ownership to lessee at the end of the lease term, (b) bargain purchase option, (c) the lease term equals to or exceeds 75% of economic life of the leased property, and/or (d) present value of minimum lease payments exceeds 90% of fair value of the lease property. Otherwise, the leases will be classified as operating leases.Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis that align with it economic benefits of the intangible assets to be consumed. The original estimated useful life for the land use rights of Yangshuo ranged from 38 to 70 years stipulated on the lease term.Intangible assets are reviewed at least annually to determine whether there are any circumstances arisen that may trigger the impairment of their carrying values. Management considers intangible assets to be impaired if their carrying value exceeds the future projected cash flows from the perspective operations. Management also evaluates the periods of amortization to identify if any subsequent events or conditions that warrant revised estimates of useful lives.Impairment of Long-lived AssetsLong-lived assets, including buildings and intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (such as a significant adverse change to market conditions that will impact the future use of the assets) indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Yangshuo assesses the recoverability of the assets based on the undiscounted future cash flows the assets are expected to generate and recognize an impairment loss when estimated discounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset plus net proceeds expected from disposition of the asset, if any, are less than the carrying value of the asset. When Yangshuo identifies an impairment, Yangshuo reduces the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flows approach or, when available and appropriate, to comparable market values. As of the period ended September 30, 2017, fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, management determined that there was no impairment.Fair Values of Financial InstrumentsASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments (Topic 825) requires disclosure of fair value information of financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the balance sheets, for which it is practicable to estimate that value. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instruments. Topic 825 excludes certain financial instruments and all non-financial assets and liabilities from its disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts do not represent the underlying value of the Company.The accounting standards define fair value, establish a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement and enhance disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The three levels are defined as follow:Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value.Yangshuo considers the carrying amount of cash, other receivables and other short-term payables, to approximate their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization.Comprehensive Income (Loss)Other comprehensive income (loss) refers to revenues, expenses, gains and losses that under generally accepted accounting principles are included in comprehensive income (loss) but are excluded from net income (loss) as these amounts are recorded directly as an adjustment to stockholders equity. Yangshuos other comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of foreign currency translation adjustments.2121Revenue RecognitionYangshuo recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue Recognition, regarding revenue recognition which specifies that revenue is realized or realizable and earned. Sales revenue is recognized at the date the shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, the delivery is completed, Yanghshuo has no other obligations and collectability is reasonably assured. Payment received before all the relevant criteria are recorded as customer advance.Yangshuo sells the products of lead and zinc ore mining to industrial users and/or construction companies in primarily Yangshuo county, Guangxi province of the PRC. Sales agreements are signed with some of the major customers. The agreements provide specific terms and conditions with the exception of delivery date and quantity, which are provided when customers requested orders. Yangshuo does not sell products on a consignment basis. There is no right of return or exchange after products are delivered and accepted by customers.Operating revenue of Yangshuo represents the selling price of the products on invoice, net of a value-added tax (VAT).During the transition period of Yangshuo exploring business opportunities, it made its land and buildings available for release. Rental income attributable to residential and commercial leases is recorded on a straight-line basis, which is not materially different than if it were recorded when due from residents and recognized monthly as it was earned. Leases entered into between a resident and a property for the rental of a unit are generally year-to-year, renewable upon consent of both parties on an annual or monthly basis.Concentration of RiskCredit RiskFinancial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and other accounts receivable. As of September 30, 2017, December 31, 2016 and 2015, $756,039(RMB 5,041,643), $14,886 (RMB 103,350) and $31,513 (RMB 204,133) were deposited with various major financial institutions located in the PRC, respectively. While management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality, it also continually monitors their credit worthiness. Historically, deposits in Chinese banks are secure due to state policy to protect depositor interests. However, China promulgated a Bankruptcy Law in August 2006 that came into effect on June 1, 2007, which contains a separate article expressly stating that the State Council may promulgate implementation measures to provide for the bankruptcy of Chinese banks based on the Bankruptcy Law. Under the current Bankruptcy Law, a Chinese bank may file bankruptcy if it deems itself to be insolvent. In addition, since Chinas concession to the World Trade Organization, foreign banks have been gradually permitted to operate in China and have intensified competition in many aspects, especially since the opening of the Renminbi business to foreign banks in late 2006. Therefore, the risk of bankruptcy at the institutions that the Company maintains deposits has increased. In the event of bankruptcy, the Company is unlikely to reclaim its deposits in full since it is unlikely to be classified as a secured creditor under PRC laws.Other accounts receivable consists of rental receivable and deposit paid. They are typically unsecured and rental receivable are derived from revenue earned from lessee, thereby exposed to credit risk. The risk is mitigated by the Companys assessment of its lessees creditworthiness and its ongoing monitoring of outstanding balances. The Company maintains reserves for estimated credit losses, and such losses have generally been within expectations.Income TaxesYangshuo accounts for income taxes using the liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.2222Yangshuo applies ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes, to account for uncertainty in income taxes and the evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process. The first step is to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of any related appeals or litigation based on the technical merits of that position. The second step is to measure a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not threshold to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements. A tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent period in which the threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not criteria should be de-recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which the threshold is no longer met.Recent Accounting PronouncementThe FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-01, Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items. The FASB issued this ASU as part of its initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. The objective of the simplification initiative is to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of U.S. GAAP for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to the users of financial statements. This ASU eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20, Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items, required that an entity separately classify, present, and disclose extraordinary events and transactions. Presently, an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its classification as an extraordinary item. If an event or transaction meets the criteria for extraordinary classification, an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing operations. The entity also is required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item. The FASB heard from stakeholders that the concept of extraordinary items causes uncertainty because it is unclear when an item should be considered both unusual and infrequent. Additionally, some stakeholders said that although users find information about unusual or infrequent events and transactions useful, they do not find the extraordinary item classification and presentation necessary to identify those events and transactions. Other stakeholders noted that it is extremely rare in current practice for a transaction or event to meet the requirements to be presented as an extraordinary item. This ASU will also align more closely U.S. GAAP income statement presentation guidance with IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, which prohibits the presentation and disclosure of extraordinary items. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities.The FASB issued this ASU as part of its initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. The objective of the simplification initiative is to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of U.S. GAAP for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to the users of financial statements. This ASU eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20, Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items, required that an entity separately classify, present, and disclose extraordinary events and transactions. Presently, an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its classification as an extraordinary item. If an event or transaction meets the criteria for extraordinary classification, an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing operations. The entity also is required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item. The FASB heard from stakeholders that the concept of extraordinary items causes uncertainty because it is unclear when an item should be considered both unusual and infrequent. Additionally, some stakeholders said that although users find information about unusual or infrequent events and transactions useful, they do not find the extraordinary item classification and presentation necessary to identify those events and transactions. Other stakeholders noted that it is extremely rare in current practice for a transaction or event to meet the requirements to be presented as an extraordinary item. This ASU will also align more closely U.S. GAAP income statement presentation guidance with IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, which prohibits the presentation and disclosure of extraordinary items. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities.The FASB issued this ASU as part of its initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. The objective of the simplification initiative is to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of U.S. GAAP for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to the users of financial statements.This ASU eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20, Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items, required that an entity separately classify, present, and disclose extraordinary events and transactions. Presently, an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its classification as an extraordinary item.If an event or transaction meets the criteria for extraordinary classification, an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing operations. The entity also is required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item.The FASB heard from stakeholders that the concept of extraordinary items causes uncertainty because it is unclear when an item should be considered both unusual and infrequent. Additionally, some stakeholders said that although users find information about unusual or infrequent events and transactions useful, they do not find the extraordinary item classification and presentation necessary to identify those events and transactions. Other stakeholders noted that it is extremely rare in current practice for a transaction or event to meet the requirements to be presented as an extraordinary item.This ASU will also align more closely U.S. GAAP income statement presentation guidance with IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, which prohibits the presentation and disclosure of extraordinary items.The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities.The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-04, Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employers Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets. For an entity with a fiscal year-end that does not coincide with a month-end, the amendments in this ASU provide a practical expedient that permits the entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entitys fiscal year-end and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to year. The practical expedient should be applied consistently to all plans if an entity has more than one plan. Employee benefit plans are not within the scope of the amendments.2323If a contribution or significant event (such as a plan amendment, settlement, or curtailment that calls for a re-measurement in accordance with existing requirements) occurs between the month-end date used to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations and an entitys fiscal year-end, the entity should adjust the measurement of defined benefit plan assets and obligations to reflect the effects of those contributions or significant events. However, an entity should not adjust the measurement of defined benefit plan assets and obligations for other events that occur between the month-end measurement and the entitys fiscal year-end that are not caused by the entity (e.g., changes in market prices or interest rates).If an entity applies the practical expedient and a contribution is made between the month-end date used to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations and the entitys fiscal year-end, the entity should not adjust the fair value of each class of plan assets for the effects of the contribution. Instead, the entity should disclose the amount of the contribution to permit reconciliation of the total fair value of all the classes of plan assets in the fair value hierarchy to the ending balance of the fair value of plan assets.An entity is required to disclose the accounting policy election and the date used to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations in accordance with the amendments in this ASU.The amendments are effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments should be applied prospectively.IFRS does not have a practical expedient that permits an entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of the month-end that is closest to the entitys fiscal year-end (or the month-end that is closest to the date of a significant event that occurred in an interim period), whereas the amendments in this Update provide that practical expedient.The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-10, Technical Corrections and Improvements. The amendments cover a wide range of Topics in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (Codification). The amendments generally fall into one of the types of amendments listed below.1. Amendments Related to Differences between Original Guidance and the Codification. These amendments arose because of differences between original guidance (e.g., FASB Statements, EITF Issues, and so forth) and the Codification. These amendments principally carry forward pre-Codification guidance or subsequent amendments into the Codification. Many times, either the writing style or phrasing of the original guidance did not directly translate into the Codification format and style. As a result, the meaning of the guidance might have been unintentionally altered. Alternatively, amendments in this section may relate to guidance that was codified without some text, references, or phrasing that, upon review, was deemed important to the guidance.2. Guidance Clarification and Reference Corrections. These amendments provide clarification through updating wording, correcting references, or a combination of both. In most cases, the feedback suggested that, without these enhancements, guidance may be misapplied or misinterpreted.3. Simplification. These amendments streamline or simplify the Codification through minor structural changes to headings or minor editing of text to improve the usefulness and understandability of the Codification.4. Minor Improvements. These amendments improve the guidance and are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities.The amendments represent changes to clarify the Codification, correct unintended application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. In addition, some of the amendments will make the Codification easier to understand and easier to apply by eliminating inconsistencies, providing needed clarifications, and improving the presentation of guidance in the Codification.Transition guidance varies based on the amendments. The amendments that require transition guidance are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. All other amendments will be effective upon issuance.2424The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date.In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The amendments in ASU 2015-14 defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.All other entities should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. All other entities may apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. All other entities also may apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning one year after the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies the guidance in ASU 2014-09.FASB Reduces Complexity of Classifying Deferred Taxes on the Balance Sheet. The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which changes how deferred taxes are classified on organizations balance sheets.The ASU eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent.The amendments apply to all organizations that present a classified balance sheet. For public companies, the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. For private companies, not-for-profit organizations, and employee benefit plans, the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018.On February 25, 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued its new lease accounting guidance in Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842).Under the new guidance, lessees will be required recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:-A lease liability, which is a lessees obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and-A right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessees right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term.Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.The new lease guidance simplified the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing.Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e., January 1, 2019, for a calendar year entity). Nonpublic business entities should apply the amendments for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 (i.e., January 1, 2020, for a calendar year entity), and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Early application is permitted for all public business entities and all nonpublic business entities upon issuance.2525Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach.The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net). The amendments relate to when another party, along with the entity, is involved in providing a good or service to a customer. Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers requires an entity to determine whether the nature of its promise is to provide that good or service to the customer (i.e., the entity is a principal) or to arrange for the good or service to be provided to the customer by the other party (i.e., the entity is an agent).The amendments are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations by clarifying the following:-An entity determines whether it is a principal or an agent for each specified good or service promised to a customer.-An entity determines the nature of each specified or service (e.g., whether it is a good, service, or a right to a good or service).-When another entity is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, an entity that is a principal obtains control of: (a) a good or another asset from the other party that it then transfers to the customer; (b) a right to a service that will be performed by another party, which gives the entity the ability to direct that party to provide the service to the customer on the entitys behalf; or (c) a good or service from the other party that it combines with other goods or services to provide the specified good or service to the customer.-The purpose of the indicators in paragraph 606-10-55-39 is to support or assist in the assessment of control. The amendments in paragraph 606-10-55-39A clarify that the indicators may be more or less relevant to the control assessment and that one or more indicators may be more or less persuasive to the control assessment, depending on the facts and circumstances.The amendments amend certain existing illustrative examples and add additional illustrative examples to assist in the application of the guidance.The effective date and transition of these amendments is the same as the effective date and transition of ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). Public entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2014-09 for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods therein (i.e., January 1, 2018, for a calendar year entity). Private entities must apply the amendments one year later.The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. The amendments clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance obligations; and (b) the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606.The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606. Public entities should apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods therein (i.e., January 1, 2018, for a calendar year entity). Early application for public entities is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The effective date for nonpublic entities is deferred by one year.Identifying Performance ObligationsBefore an entity can identify its performance obligations in a contract with a customer, the entity first identifies the promised goods or services in the contract. The amendments add the following guidance:1. An entity is not required to assess whether promised goods or services are performance obligations if they are immaterial in the context of the contract with the customer.2. An entity is permitted, as an accounting policy election, to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as an activity to fulfill the promise to transfer the good rather than as an additional promised service.2626To identify performance obligations in a contract, an entity evaluates whether promised goods and services are distinct. The amendments improve the guidance on assessing the promises are separately identifiable criterion by:1. Better articulating the principle for determining whether promises to transfer goods or services to a customer are separately identifiable by emphasizing that an entity determines whether the nature of its promise in the contract is to transfer each of the goods or services or whether the promise is to transfer a combined item (or items) to which the promised goods and/or services are inputs.2. Revising the related factors and examples to align with the improved articulation of the separately identifiable principle.Licensing Implementation GuidanceTopic 606 includes implementation guidance on determining whether an entitys promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right to use the entitys intellectual property (which is satisfied at a point in time) or a right to access the entitys intellectual property (which is satisfied over time). The amendments are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the licensing implementation guidance by clarifying the following:1. An entitys promise to grant a customer a license to intellectual property that has significant standalone functionality (e.g., the ability to process a transaction, perform a function or task, or be played or aired) does not include supporting or maintaining that intellectual property during the license period.2. An entitys promise to grant a customer a license to symbolic intellectual property (that is, intellectual property that does not have significant standalone functionality) includes supporting or maintaining that intellectual property during the license period.3. An entity considers the nature of its promise in granting a license, regardless of whether the license is distinct, in order to apply the other guidance in Topic 606 to a single performance obligation that includes a license and other goods or services (in particular, the guidance on determining whether a performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and the guidance on how best to measure progress toward the complete satisfaction of a performance obligation satisfied over time).The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. The amendments do not change the core revenue recognition principle in Topic 606. The amendments provide clarifying guidance in certain narrow areas and add some practical expedients. These amendments are effective at the same date that Topic 606 is effective. Topic 606 is effective for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods therein (i.e., January 1, 2018, for a calendar year entity). Topic 606 is effective for nonpublic entities one year later. Following is a summary of the clarifying guidance and practical expedients in the amendments.Assessing the Collectability Criterion in Paragraph 606-10-25-1(e) and Accounting for Contracts That Do Not Meet the Criteria for Step 1 (Applying Paragraph 606-10-25-7). The amendments clarify the objective of the collectability criterion in Step 1. The objective of this assessment is to determine whether the contract is valid and represents a substantive transaction on the basis of whether a customer has the ability and intention to pay the promised consideration in exchange for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. The amendments also add a new criterion to paragraph 606-10-25-7 to clarify when revenue would be recognized for a contract that fails to meet the criteria in Step 1. That criterion allows an entity to recognize revenue in the amount of consideration received when the entity has transferred control of the goods or services, the entity has stopped transferring goods or services (if applicable) and has no obligation under the contract to transfer additional goods or services, and the consideration received from the customer is nonrefundable.2727Presentation of Sales Taxes and Other Similar Taxes Collected from Customers. The amendments permit an entity, as an accounting policy election, to exclude amounts collected from customers for all sales (and other similar) taxes from the transaction price.Noncash Consideration. The amendments specify that the measurement date for noncash consideration is contract inception. The amendments also clarify that the variable consideration guidance applies only to variability resulting from reasons other than the form of the consideration.Contract Modifications at Transition. The amendments provide a practical expedient that permits an entity to reflect the aggregate effect of all modifications that occur before the beginning of the earliest period presented when identifying the satisfied and unsatisfied performance obligations, determining the transaction price, and allocating the transaction price to the satisfied and unsatisfied performance obligations.Completed Contracts at Transition. The amendments clarify that a completed contract for purposes of transition is a contract for which all (or substantially all) of the revenue was recognized under legacy GAAP before the date of initial application. Accounting for elements of a contract that do not affect revenue under legacy GAAP are irrelevant to the assessment of whether a contract is complete. In addition, the amendments permit an entity to apply the modified retrospective transition method either to all contracts or only to contracts that are not completed contracts.Technical Correction. The amendments clarify that an entity that retrospectively applies the guidance in Topic 606 to each prior reporting period is not required to disclose the effect of the accounting change for the period of adoption. However, an entity is still required to disclose the effect of the changes on any prior periods retrospectively adjusted.The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, to address diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.The amendments provide guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues: Debt Prepayment or Debt Extinguishment Costs;  Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing;  Contingent Consideration Payments Made after a Business Combination;  Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims;  Proceeds from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned;  Life Insurance Policies;  Distributions Received from Equity Method Investees;  Beneficial Interests in Securitization Transactions; and  Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance Principle.Debt Prepayment or Debt Extinguishment Costs; Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing;Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing; Contingent Consideration Payments Made after a Business Combination;Contingent Consideration Payments Made after a Business Combination; Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims;Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims; Proceeds from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned;Proceeds from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned; Life Insurance Policies;Life Insurance Policies; Distributions Received from Equity Method Investees;Distributions Received from Equity Method Investees; Beneficial Interests in Securitization Transactions; andBeneficial Interests in Securitization Transactions; and Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance Principle.Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance Principle.2828The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period.The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable.FASB Amends the Accounting for Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets. The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. Current GAAP prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer until the asset has been sold to an outside party. This prohibition on recognition is an exception to the principle of comprehensive recognition of current and deferred income taxes in GAAP.Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than InventoryThe amendments require an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. The amendments eliminate the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory. Two common examples of assets included in the scope of the amendments are intellectual property and property, plant, and equipment.The amendments do not include new disclosure requirements; however, existing disclosure requirements might be applicable when accounting for the current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory.The amendments align the recognition of income tax consequences for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory with International Financial Reporting Standards. IAS 12, Income Taxes, requires recognition of current and deferred income taxes resulting from an intra-entity transfer of any asset (including inventory) when the transfer occurs.The amendments are effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for all entities in the first interim period if an entity issues interim financial statements.The amendments should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption.The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash. The amendments apply to all entities that have restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents and are required to present a statement of cash flows. The amendments address diversity in practice that exists in the classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash on the statement of cash flows.The amendments require that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. As a result, amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. The amendments do not provide a definition of restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents.The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented.2929The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-19, Technical Corrections and Improvements. The amendments cover a wide range of Topics in the Accounting Standards Codification. The amendments generally fall into one of the types of categories listed below. Amendments related to differences between original guidance (e.g., FASB Statements, EITF Issues, etc.) and the Codification. These amendments principally carry forward pre-Codification guidance or subsequent amendments into the Codification. Many times, either the writing style or phrasing of the original guidance did not directly translate into the Codification format and style. As a result, the meaning of the guidance might have been unintentionally altered. Alternatively, amendments in this category may relate to guidance that was codified without some text, reference, or phrasing that, upon review, was deemed important to the guidance.  Guidance clarification and reference corrections that provide clarification through updating wording, correcting references, or a combination of both. In most cases, the feedback suggested that, without these enhancements, guidance may be misapplied.  Simplification amendments that streamline or simplify the Codification through minor structural changes to headings or minor editing of text to improve the usefulness and understandability of the Codification.  Minor improvements to the guidance that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities.Amendments related to differences between original guidance (e.g., FASB Statements, EITF Issues, etc.) and the Codification. These amendments principally carry forward pre-Codification guidance or subsequent amendments into the Codification. Many times, either the writing style or phrasing of the original guidance did not directly translate into the Codification format and style. As a result, the meaning of the guidance might have been unintentionally altered. Alternatively, amendments in this category may relate to guidance that was codified without some text, reference, or phrasing that, upon review, was deemed important to the guidance. Guidance clarification and reference corrections that provide clarification through updating wording, correcting references, or a combination of both. In most cases, the feedback suggested that, without these enhancements, guidance may be misapplied.Guidance clarification and reference corrections that provide clarification through updating wording, correcting references, or a combination of both. In most cases, the feedback suggested that, without these enhancements, guidance may be misapplied. Simplification amendments that streamline or simplify the Codification through minor structural changes to headings or minor editing of text to improve the usefulness and understandability of the Codification.Simplification amendments that streamline or simplify the Codification through minor structural changes to headings or minor editing of text to improve the usefulness and understandability of the Codification. Minor improvements to the guidance that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities.Minor improvements to the guidance that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities.The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-20, Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for Topic 606. Public entities should apply Topic 606 (and related amendments) for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods therein (i.e., January 1, 2018, for a calendar year entity). Nonpublic entities should apply Topic 606 (and related amendments) for an annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2018, (i.e., January 1, 2019, for a calendar year entity) and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019.On May 28, 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The amendments in ASU 2016-20 affect narrow aspects of the guidance issued in ASU 2014-09 as summarized below.Issue 1: Loan Guarantee Fees: The amendments clarify that guarantee fees within the scope of Topic 460, Guarantees, (other than product or service warranties) are not within the scope of Topic 606.Issue 2: Contract Costs - Impairment Testing: The amendments clarify that when performing impairment testing in Subtopic 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Charges  Contracts with Customers, an entity should: (a) consider expected contract renewals and extensions; and (b) include both the amount of consideration it already has received but has not recognized as revenue and the amount it expects to receive in the future.bIssue 3: Contract Costs - Interaction of Impairment Testing with Guidance in Other Topics: The amendments clarify that impairment testing first should be performed on assets not within the scope of Topic 340, Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, or Topic 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment (e.g., Topic 330, Inventory), then assets within the scope of Topic 340, then asset groups and reporting units within the scope of Topic 360 and Topic 350.Property, Plant, and EquipmentInventory3030Issue 4: Provisions for Losses on Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts: The amendments require that the provision for losses be determined at least at the contract level. However, the amendments allow an entity to determine the provision for losses at the performance obligation level as an accounting policy election.Issue 5: Scope of Topic 606: The amendments remove the term insurance from the scope exception to clarify that all contracts within the scope of Topic 944, Financial Services  Insurance, are excluded from the scope of Topic 606.Financial Services  InsuranceIssue 6: Disclosure of Remaining Performance Obligations: The amendments provide optional exemptions from the disclosure requirement for remaining performance obligations for specific situations in which an entity need not estimate variable consideration to recognize revenue. The amendments also expand the information that is required to be disclosed when an entity applies one of the optional exemptions.Issue 7: Disclosure of Prior-Period Performance Obligations: The amendments clarify that the disclosure of revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods applies to all performance obligations and is not limited to performance obligations with corresponding contract balances.Issue 8: Contract Modifications Example: The amendments better align Example 7 with the principles in Topic 606.Issue 9: Contract Asset versus Receivable: The amendments provide a better link between the analysis in Example 38, Case B and the receivables presentation guidance in Topic 606.Issue 10: Refund Liability: The amendments remove the reference to the term contract liability from the journal entry in Example 40..Issue 11: Advertising Costs: The amendments reinstate the guidance on the accrual of advertising costs and move the guidance to Topic 720, Other Expenses.Issue 12: Fixed-Odds Wagering Contracts in the Casino Industry: The amendments: (a) create a new Subtopic 924-815, Entertainment  Casinos - Derivatives and Hedging, which includes a scope exception from the derivatives guidance for fixed-odds wagering contracts; and (b) includes a scope exception within Topic 815 for fixed-odds wagering contracts issued by casino entities. Fixed-odds wagering contracts are revenue transactions which should be recognized in accordance with Topic 606.Entertainment  Casinos - Derivatives and HedgingbIssue 13: Cost Capitalization for Advisors to Private Funds and Public Funds: The amendments align the cost-capitalization guidance for advisors to both public funds and private funds in Topic 946, Financial Services - Investment Companies.The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2017-03, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (Topic 250) and Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the September 22, 2016 and November 17, 2016 EITF Meetings.The amendments add paragraph 250-10-S99-6 which includes the text of SEC Staff Announcement: Disclosure of the Impact That Recently Issued Accounting Standards Will Have on the Financial Statements of a Registrant When Such Standards Are Adopted in a Future Period (in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin [SAB] Topic 11.M). Following is the text of the SEC Staff Announcement:This announcement applies to ASU No. 2014- 09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606); ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842); and ASU No. 2016-13, Financial InstrumentsCredit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, and subsequent amendments. FN1Leases (Topic 842);Financial InstrumentsCredit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial InstrumentsFN13131SAB Topic 11.M provides the SEC staff view that a registrant should evaluate ASUs that have not yet been adopted to determine the appropriate financial statement disclosuresFN2 about the potential material effects of those ASUs on the financial statements when adopted. Consistent with Topic 11.M, if a registrant does not know or cannot reasonably estimate the impact that adoption of the ASUs referenced in this announcement is expected to have on the financial statements, then in addition to making a statement to that effect, that registrant should consider additional qualitative financial statement disclosures to assist the reader in assessing the significance of the impact that the standard will have on the financial statements of the registrant when adopted. In this regard, the SEC staff expects the additional qualitative disclosures to include a description of the effect of the accounting policies that the registrant expects to apply, if determined, and a comparison to the registrants current accounting policies. Also, a registrant should describe the status of its process to implement the new standards and the significant implementation matters yet to be addressed:FN 1 This announcement also applies to any subsequent amendments to guidance in the ASUs that are issued prior to a registrants adoption of the aforementioned ASUs.FN 2 Topic 11.M provides SEC staff views on disclosures that registrants should consider in both Managements Discussion & Analysis (MD&A) and the notes to the financial statements. MD&A may contain cross references to these disclosures that appear within the notes to the financial statements.The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-05, Other Income  Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20): Clarifying the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance and Accounting for Partial Sales of Nonfinancial Assets.A contract may involve the transfer of both nonfinancial assets and financial assets (e.g., cash and receivables). The amendments clarify that a financial asset is within the scope of Subtopic 610-20 if it meets the definition of an in substance nonfinancial asset. The amendments also define the term in substance nonfinancial asset.The amendments clarify that nonfinancial assets within the scope of Subtopic 610-20 may include nonfinancial assets transferred within a legal entity to a counterparty. For example, a parent may transfer control of nonfinancial assets by transferring ownership interests in a consolidated subsidiary. A contract that includes the transfer of ownership interests in one or more consolidated subsidiaries is within the scope of Subtopic 610-20 if substantially all of the fair value of the assets that are promised to the counterparty in a contract is concentrated in nonfinancial assets.The amendments clarify that an entity should identify each distinct nonfinancial asset or in substance nonfinancial asset promised to a counterparty and derecognize each asset when a counterparty obtains control of it.The amendments are effective at the same time Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers is effective. For public entities, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019.The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-06, Plan Accounting: Defined Benefit Pension Plans (Topic 960); Defined Contribution Pension Plans (Topic 962); Health and Welfare Benefit Plans (Topic 965): Employee Benefit Plan Master Trust Reporting. The amendments relate primarily to the reporting by an employee benefit plan (a plan) for its interest in a master trust. A master trust is a trust for which a regulated financial institution (bank, trust company, or similar financial institution that is regulated, supervised, and subject to periodic examination by a state or federal agency) serves as a trustee or custodian and in which assets of more than one plan sponsored by a single employer or by a group of employers under common control are held.3232The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied retrospectively to each period for which financial statements are presented. The amendments apply to reporting entities within the scope of Topic 960, Plan Accounting - Defined Benefit Pension Plans, Topic 962, Plan Accounting - Defined Contribution Pension Plans, or Topic 965, Plan Accounting - Health and Welfare Benefit Plans.Plan Accounting - Defined Contribution Pension PlansPlan Accounting - Health and Welfare Benefit PlansUnder Topic 960, investments in master trusts are presented in a single line item in the statement of net assets available for benefits. Similar guidance is not provided in Topic 962 or 965, which has resulted in diversity in practice. For each master trust in which a plan holds an interest, the amendments require a plans interest in that master trust and any change in that interest to be presented in separate line items in the statement of net assets available for benefits and in the statement of changes in net assets available for benefits, respectively.Topics 960 and 962 require plans to disclose their percentage interest in the master trust and a list of the investments held by the master trust, presented by general type, within the plans financial statements. The amendments remove the requirement to disclose the percentage interest in the master trust for plans with divided interests and require that all plans disclose the dollar amount of their interest in each of those general types of investments.Current U.S. GAAP does not require disclosure by plans of the master trusts other assets and liabilities. Examples of those balances include amounts due from brokers for securities sold, amounts due to brokers for securities purchased, accrued interest and dividends, and accrued expenses. The amendments require all plans to disclose: (a) their master trusts other asset and liability balances; and (b) the dollar amount of the plans interest in each of those balances.bLastly, investment disclosures (e.g., those required by Topics 815 and 820) relating to 401(h) account assets are generally provided in both the defined benefit pension plan financial statements and the health and welfare benefit plan financial statements. Stakeholders noted that the disclosures are redundant. The amendments remove that redundancy and do not require that the investment disclosures relating to the 401(h) account assets be provided in the health and welfare benefit plans financial statements. The amendments will require the health and welfare benefit plan to disclose the name of the defined benefit pension plan in which those investment disclosures are provided, so that participants can easily access those statements for information about the 401(h) account assets, if needed.The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2017-07, Compensation  Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost. The amendments apply to all employers, including not-for-profit entities, that offer to their employees defined benefit pension plans, other postretirement benefit plans, or other types of benefits accounted for under Topic 715, Compensation  Retirement Benefits.The amendments require that an employer report the service cost component in the same line item or items as other compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. The other components of net benefit cost are required to be presented in the income statement separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal of income from operations, if one is presented. If a separate line item or items are used to present the other components of net benefit cost, that line item or items must be appropriately described. If a separate line item or items are not used, the line item or items used in the income statement to present the other components of net benefit cost must be disclosed.The amendments also allow only the service cost component to be eligible for capitalization when applicable (e.g., as a cost of internally manufactured inventory or a self-constructed asset).The amendments are effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods. For other entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual period for which financial statements (interim or annual) have not been issued or made available for issuance.3333FASB Amends SEC Paragraphs related to Revenue Recognition and Leases Standards for Public Business Entities. The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2017-13.This ASU adds, amends, and supersedes SEC paragraphs of the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) related to the adoption and transition provisions of ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue From Contracts with Customers and ASU 2016-02, Leases,for public business entities. The ASU is titled ASU No. 2017-13, Revenue Recognition (Topic 605), Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Leases (Topic 840), and Leases (Topic 842): Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to the Staff Announcement at the July 20, 2017 EITF Meeting and Rescission of Prior SEC Staff Announcements and Observer Comments.Revenue From Contracts with CustomersLeases,., Revenue Recognition (Topic 605), Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Leases (Topic 840), and Leases (Topic 842): Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to the Staff Announcement at the July 20, 2017 EITF Meeting and Rescission of Prior SEC Staff Announcements and Observer Comments.ASU 2017-13 codifies portions of an SEC Staff Announcement made at the July 20, 2017 Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) meeting essentially delaying the effective date of the revenue recognition and leases standards for a subset of public entities . The SEC Observer made the following SEC Staff Announcement, Transition Related to Accounting Standards Updates No. 2014-09 and 2016-02, at the July 20, 2017 EITF meeting:The SEC staff would not object to a public business entity that otherwise would not meet the definition of a public business entity except for a requirement to include or the inclusion of its financial statements or financial information in another entitys filing with the SEC adopting (1) ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and (2) ASC Topic 842, Leases for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020.LeasesA public business entity that otherwise would not meet the definition of a public business entity except for a requirement to include or the inclusion of its financial statements or financial information in another entitys filing with the SEC may still elect to adopt ASC Topic 606 and ASC Topic 842 according to the public business entity effective dates.This announcement is applicable only to public business entities that otherwise would not meet the definition of a public business entity except for a requirement to include or the inclusion of its financial statements or financial information in another entitys filing with the SEC. This announcement is not applicable to other public business entities.Results of Operations of Yangshuo County Xing Yuan Lead-Zinc Mine Co. LtdThe following discussion and analysis of the results of our operations should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements of Yangshuo for the nine months ended September 30, 2017, the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 as well as the related notes to financial statements that are included elsewhere in this report.RevenueFor the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, we have recognized $0 and $56,567 revenue, respectively. Yangshuo was in the process of transitioning its traditional lead-zinc mining business to exploration of lead-zinc tailings production. Accordingly, Yangshuos mining process has been idled and the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 was nil. For the nine months ended September 30, 3017, there was also no revenue.Operating ExpensesThe operating expenses of Yangshuo, $136,777 and $117,181, mainly consists of general and administrative expenses for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.3434Total operating expenses change during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, was $136,777, higher than that for the same period in 2015 due to higher payroll and office meeting expenses accrued in the fiscal year 2016. Yangshuo has increased compensation for the staff and more office meetings and meals were held in 2016.For the nine months ended September 30, 2017, the operating expenses were $79,670.Our general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2017, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 comprised of the following:9-month ended 09/30/2017 Fiscal year ended 12/31/2016 Fiscal year ended 12/31/2015 Change Percentage Change Payroll and related benefits $16,037 $37,372 $13,441 $23,931 178% Travel 46 979 796 183 23% Office expense and meeting 16,084 35,880 28,849 7,031 24% Utilities  2,033 11,516 (9,483) (82)% Repair and maintenance 4,591 5,160 5,639 (479) (8)% Insurance 5,172 5,225 4,106 1,119 27% Depreciation and amortization 37,740 50,128 52,834 (2,706) (5)% Total $79,670 $136,777 $117,181 $19,596 17%9-month ended 09/30/201709/30/2017Fiscal year ended 12/31/201612/31/2016Fiscal year ended 12/31/201512/31/2015ChangePercentage ChangePayroll and related benefits $16,037 $37,372 $13,441 $23,931 178%$16,037$37,372$13,441$23,931178%Travel 46 979 796 183 23%4697979618323%Office expense and meeting 16,084 35,880 28,849 7,031 24%16,08435,88028,8497,03124%Utilities  2,033 11,516 (9,483) (82)%2,03311,516(9,483)(82)%Repair and maintenance 4,591 5,160 5,639 (479) (8)%4,5915,1605,639(479)(8)%Insurance 5,172 5,225 4,106 1,119 27%5,1725,2254,1061,11927%Depreciation and amortization 37,740 50,128 52,834 (2,706) (5)%37,74050,12852,834(2,706)(5)%Total $79,670 $136,777 $117,181 $19,596 17%$79,670$136,777$117,181$19,59617%Loss from OperationsAs a result of the factors discussed above, Yangshuo incurred a loss from operation of $101,993 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 compared to a loss $59,511 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.For the nine months ended September 30, 2017, the loss from operations was $52,845.Other Income (Expenses)Yangshuos other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2017, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 included the following:Interest Income:Interest income for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $18 and $18, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2017, interest income was $367.Other Income:Yangshuo has recognized $53,606 and $22,785 of other income for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. Out of this total amount, $26,852 and $21,512 related to rental for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Yangshuo has leased out its building to and entered into lease agreements with several individuals and corporate entities.For the nine months ended September 30, 2017, other income was $40,681. Out of this amount, $24,684 related to rental income.3535Provision for Income TaxesFor the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, the provision for income taxes was nil due to tax loss incurred and no valuation allowance provided on the deferred tax assets including the net operating losses.For the nine months ended September 30, 2017, the provision for income taxes was nil due to tax loss incurred and no valuation allowance provided on the deferred tax assets including the net operating losses.Management determined that it is more likely than not that the net operating losses will not be realized before the statutory expiration date, with the latest in the year 2020.Net LossAs a result of the factors discussed above, for the year ended December 31, 2016, net loss amounted to $101,993, as compared to loss of $59,511 for the year ended December 31, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2017, net loss was $52,845.Foreign currency translation lossThe functional currency of our operations in the PRC is the Chinese Yuan or Renminbi (RMB). The financial statements are translated to U.S. dollars using the period end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, equity is translated at historical exchange rates, and average rates of exchange (for the period) are used for revenues and expenses and cash flows. Transaction gains and or losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred. As a result of foreign currency translations, which are a noncash adjustment, we reported a foreign currency translation loss of $73,921 for the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to a foreign currency translation loss of $51,940 for the year ended December 31, 2015. This noncash loss had the effect of increasing our reported comprehensive loss.For the nine months ended September 30, 2017, the foreign currency translation gain was $41,620 which decreased our reported comprehensive loss.Comprehensive lossAs a result of our foreign currency translation loss, we had comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 of $175,914, compared to comprehensive loss of $111,451 for the year ended December 31, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2017, the comprehensive loss was $11,225.Liquidity and Capital ResourcesAs of September 30, 2017, we had a cash balance of $756,398. Net cash provided by the operating activities totaled to $746,555. There was no net cash provided by or used in investing and financing activities. Effect of exchange rate change on cash totaled $(9,284). The resulting change in cash for the period was an increase of $737,271, which was chiefly due to the increase in amount due to shareholder.As of December 31, 2016, we had a cash balance of $19,127. During the year ended December 31, 2016, net cash used in operating activities totaled to $12,920. There was no net cash provided by or used in investing and financing activities. Effect of exchange rate change on cash totaled $(1,695). The resulting change in cash for the period was a decrease of $14,615, which was primarily due to net book loss.As of December 31, 2015, we had a cash balance of $33,742. During the year ended December 31, 2015, net cash provided by operating activities totaled to $21,956. There was no net cash provided by or used in investing and financing activities. The resulting change in cash for the period was an increase of $20,745, which was primarily due to increase in accrued expenses.36369-month ended 09/30/2017 Fiscal year ended 12/31/2016 Fiscal year ended 12/31/2015 Change Percentage Change (Unaudited) (Audited) (Audited) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities $746,555 $(12,920) $21,956 $(34,876) (159)% Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities - - - - - Net cash provided by financing activities - - - - - Effect of exchange rate change on cash (9,284) (1,695) (1,211) (484) 40% Total net change in cash and cash equivalents $737,271 $(14,615) $20,745 $(35,360) (170)%9-month ended 09/30/201709/30/2017Fiscal year ended 12/31/201612/31/2016Fiscal year ended 12/31/201512/31/2015ChangePercentage Change(Unaudited) (Audited) (Audited)(Unaudited)(Audited)(Audited)Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities $746,555 $(12,920) $21,956 $(34,876) (159)%$746,555$(12,920)$21,956$(34,876)(159)%Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities - - - - ------Net cash provided by financing activities - - - - ------Effect of exchange rate change on cash (9,284) (1,695) (1,211) (484) 40%(9,284)(1,695)(1,211)(484)40%Total net change in cash and cash equivalents $737,271 $(14,615) $20,745 $(35,360) (170)%$737,271$(14,615)$20,745$(35,360)(170)%Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $34,876 to $(12,920) as of December 31, 2016 from $21,956 as of December 31, 2015. This decrease is primarily attributable to general and administrative expenses incurred in the fiscal year 2016 as discussed above.The following table sets forth a summary of changes in our working capital from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2016:Percentage 09/30/2017 12/31/2016 12/31/2015 Change Change (Unaudited) (Audited) (Audited) Current Assets $915,675 $21,147 64,394 $(43,247) (67)% Current Liabilities 1,850,640 904,835 958,381 (53,546) (6)% $(934,965) $(883,688) (893,987) $10,299 (1)%Percentage09/30/2017 12/31/2016 12/31/2015 Change Change09/30/201712/31/201612/31/2015ChangeChange(Unaudited) (Audited) (Audited)(Unaudited)(Audited)(Audited)Current Assets $915,675 $21,147 64,394 $(43,247) (67)%$915,675$21,14764,394$(43,247)(67)%Current Liabilities 1,850,640 904,835 958,381 (53,546) (6)%1,850,640904,835958,381(53,546)(6)%$(934,965) $(883,688) (893,987) $10,299 (1)%$(934,965)$(883,688)(893,987)$10,299(1)%Our working capital deficit decreased by $10,299 from $893,987 as of December 31, 2015 to $883,688 as of December 31, 2016. This decrease in working capital deficit is primarily attributable to decrease in deferred rent revenue by $8,816, reduction of other payables and accrued expenses by $12,141, fall in short-term loan balance by $32,589 due to depreciation of Chinese Renminbi, the overall decrease in current liabilities is offset by lower cash balance as of December 31, 2016 . As of September 30, 2017, our working capital deficit increased to $934,965 primarily due to payable to shareholder.We require cash in approximately $1.9 million within the next twelve months including $0.5 million to repay outstanding short-term loans to the bank institutions and county agencies, $0.9 million to shareholder and $0.4 million related to the loan interest payable to bank institutions and county agencies. In an effort to support and maintain our financial positions and operations, we have leased out our properties and land to multiple individuals and business parties. Furthermore, in the fourth quarter of 2017, we have entered into a series of contractual agreements with Shenzhen Gu Yue Technology Protection Co. Ltd. (Gu Yue). Those agreements enabled us to obtain a leverage and business support from Gu Yue and seek business opportunities in engaging the sand tailing production that expects to be commenced in 2018. We believe that such business arrangements can provide us sufficient financial resources for our operations.Because the exchange rate conversion is different for the balance sheets and the statements of cash flows, the changes in assets and liabilities reflected on the statements of cash flows are not necessarily identical with the comparable changes reflected on the balance sheets.Going Concern ConsiderationOur operations and financial results are subject to numerous various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.Off-Balance Sheet ArrangementsWe have no off-balance sheet arrangements, including arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital resources, market risk support, and credit risk support or other benefits.Future FinancingsWe will continue to rely on equity sales of our common shares in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund our operations and other activities, or if we are able, there is no guarantee that existing shareholders will not be substantially diluted.3737PROPERTIESTang Dynasty leased approximately 1,119.45 square feet of office space at suites 502 and 503 on the 5th floor of Fourseas building in Jordan, Hong Kong. The lease was effective on July 1, 2017 and expires on June 30, 2019 and provides for a monthly rent payment of approximately $8,638 (HKD 57,600), management fee approximately $489 (HKD 3,264) and utility charges approximately $1,008 (HKD 6,720).Yangshuo has owned the following properties and land use rights in Yangshuo town, Yangshuo county, Guilin City, Guangxi Province, PRC:Location Area (square meters) Purpose No. 28 Shenshan Road, Yangshuo Town, Yangshuo County, Guilin City, Guangxi Province, PRC 734.40 Land use rights Dongling Road, Yangshuo Town, Yangshuo County, Guilin City, Guangxi Province, PRC 4093.80 Land use rights No. 20 Chenzhong Road, Yangshuo Town, Yangshuo County, Guilin City, Guangxi Province, PRC 643.60 Land use rights and commercial/residential real propertyArea (square meters)PurposeNo. 28 Shenshan Road, Yangshuo Town, Yangshuo County, Guilin City, Guangxi Province, PRC 734.40 Land use rights734.40Land use rightsDongling Road, Yangshuo Town, Yangshuo County, Guilin City, Guangxi Province, PRC 4093.80 Land use rights4093.80Land use rightsNo. 20 Chenzhong Road, Yangshuo Town, Yangshuo County, Guilin City, Guangxi Province, PRC 643.60 Land use rights and commercial/residential real property643.60Land use rights and commercial/residential real propertyDIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERSAND CONTROL PERSONSOur Directors and Executive OfficersOn August 1, 2017, Image International Group, Inc. reported the resignation of Geoff Armstrong from the positions of President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director. His resignation is not the result of any disagreements with the Company. Accordingly, as of August 1, 2017, we appointed Mr. Hoi Ming Chan as our President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director.As such, as of January 18, 2018, the date this Report was originally filed, our sole officer and director is a resident of Canada and Hong Kong. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon him to enforce court judgments obtained against them in the United States courts.The following table sets forth certain information concerning our directors and executive officers:Name Age Position Date Hoi Ming Chan 57 President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director August 1, 2017 Edward Low 46 Chief Financial Officer, Director January 1, 2009AgePositionDateHoi Ming Chan 57 President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director August 1, 201757President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and DirectorAugust 1, 2017Edward Low 46 Chief Financial Officer, Director January 1, 200946Chief Financial Officer, DirectorJanuary 1, 2009The following is a summary of the biographical information of our directors and officers:Mr. Hoi Ming Chan, President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director, started his career in Hong Kong early in 1990s as sales manager of a music bookstore and involved in the publishing of music masterpieces. In April 1985, he moved to Toronto, Canada and opened a retail clothing store. Later he was employed by Imagination Magazine as Chief Editor. Then he returned to Hong Kong in 1991 with his family and worked as Executive Director of Wise Faith Co Ltd. In November 1998, Hoi Ming returned to Toronto, Canada where he started a property investment and management company that purchased its first industrialcommercial property in Scarborough, Ontario. The property was converted and sold as condominium generating solid profits for the company. In July 2000, the company purchased another property in Toronto which became his last acquisition in this field as Mr. Chan directed his attention towards renewable energy projects in China.3838From January 2002 through March 2008, Mr. Chan was the Chairman and President of Cambridge Education Group, and Chairman of Cambridge Institute of Science and Technology. Mr. Chan is an inventor of new energy technology, he has many individual registered patented technology certificates pertaining to the environmental and energy aspects. Also, Mr. Chan has participated in a number of waste disposal plants in Shijiazhuang China beginning in February 2007 and has been working on power generation projects from March 2010 to present. Mr. Chan is an advocate of new environmental protection energy technology, research, and work on commercial applications in China in order to establish a new energy research, development and manufacturing base within the country beginning with a project in co-operation with Dalian Xinbao Biomass Co Ltd. Mr. Chan is a respected businessman and maintains the backing of the senior level of Chinese government as the country moves towards reducing its carbon footprint.Mr. Edward Low, Chief Financial Officer and Director, has provided accounting services to public companies for the past 20 years. Most recently, Mr. Low was the Controller for Nevada Geothermal Power Inc., an alternative energy company with an operating geothermal power plant in northern Nevada from February 2003 through June 2012.Mr. Lows skills include financial reporting and accounting under IFRS and US GAAP, consolidation of financial statements, budgeting, variance analysis, internal controls, staff supervision, assisting with companies going public, various accounting and income tax software developed over the last fifteen plus years of handling the various responsibilities required to serve in positions from company controller to chief financial officer.Term of OfficeOur directors hold their positions until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his successor is elected and qualified by our shareholders, or until earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal.Director IndependenceExcept as reported above, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director, Mr. Hoi Ming Chan, and our Chief Financial Officer and Director, Mr. Edward Low, do not hold any directorships in other reporting companies and does not qualify as an independent director under the Rules of NASDAQ, Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). There are no family relationships among our directors or officers.Family RelationshipsThere are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive officers or directors.Involvement in Certain Legal ProceedingsTo our knowledge, during the last ten years, our sole officer and director (including those of our subsidiaries) has not: Had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time.  Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses.  Been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities.  Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.  Been the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.Had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses.Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. Been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities.Been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. Been the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.Been the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.3939Director QualificationsDirectors are responsible for overseeing the Companys business consistent with their fiduciary duty to the stockholders. This significant responsibility requires highly-skilled individuals with various qualities, attributes and professional experience. Our sole director believes that there are general requirements for service on the Board that are applicable to directors and that there are other skills and experience that should be represented on the Board as a whole but not necessarily by each director. The Board considers the qualifications of director and director candidates individually and in the broader context of the Boards overall composition and the Companys current and future needs.Qualifications for All DirectorsIn its assessment of each potential candidate, including those recommended by the stockholders, the Board will consider the nominees judgment, integrity, experience, independence, understanding of the Companys business or other related industries and such other factors it determines are pertinent in light of the current needs of the Board. The Board also takes into account the ability of a director to devote the time and effort necessary to fulfill his or her responsibilities to the Company.The Board requires that each director be a recognized person of high integrity with a proven record of success in his or her field. Each director must demonstrate innovative thinking, familiarity with and respect for corporate governance requirements and practices, an appreciation of multiple cultures and a commitment to sustainability and to dealing responsibly with social issues. In addition to the qualifications required of all directors, the Board conducts interviews of potential director candidates to assess intangible qualities including the individuals ability to ask difficult questions and, simultaneously, to work collegially.Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience to be Represented on the Board as a WholeThe Board has identified particular qualifications, attributes, skills and experience that should be represented on the Board as a whole, in light of the Companys current needs and its business priorities. The Board believes that it should include some directors with a high level of financial literacy and some directors who possess relevant business experience as a chief executive officer, president or similar position at a company.Presently, Mr. Hoi Ming Chan is the President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director of the Company. Mr. Hoi Ming Chan possesses many of the skills and experience needed for our business. He has years of experience in the new energy technology and power generation industries. His knowledge of the industries and familiarity with business management makes him valuable to the Board. Mr. Edward Low is the Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company. Mr. Edward Low has provided extensive accounting services to public companies for the past 20 years and has served in the executive positions in couple energy resources companies. His financial and industrial knowledge is essential to our board.The Board plans to eventually increase its membership to include directors with skills and experience complementary to background of Mr. Hoi Ming Chan and Mr. Edward Low.4040Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk OversightMr. Hoi Ming Chan is the Companys President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director. Mr. Edward Low is the Companys Chief Financial Officer and Director. The Boards role in the risk oversight of the Company includes, among other things:- appointing, retaining and overseeing the work of the independent auditors, including resolving disagreements between the management and the independent auditors relating to financial reporting; - approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by the independent auditors; - reviewing annually the independence and quality control procedures of the independent auditors; - reviewing and approving all proposed related party transactions; - discussing the annual audited financial statements with the management; and - meeting separately with the independent auditors to discuss critical accounting policies, management letters, recommendations on internal controls, the auditors engagement letter and independence letter and other material written communications between the independent auditors and the management.-appointing, retaining and overseeing the work of the independent auditors, including resolving disagreements between the management and the independent auditors relating to financial reporting;- approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by the independent auditors;-approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by the independent auditors;- reviewing annually the independence and quality control procedures of the independent auditors;-reviewing annually the independence and quality control procedures of the independent auditors;- reviewing and approving all proposed related party transactions;-reviewing and approving all proposed related party transactions;- discussing the annual audited financial statements with the management; and-discussing the annual audited financial statements with the management; and- meeting separately with the independent auditors to discuss critical accounting policies, management letters, recommendations on internal controls, the auditors engagement letter and independence letter and other material written communications between the independent auditors and the management.-meeting separately with the independent auditors to discuss critical accounting policies, management letters, recommendations on internal controls, the auditors engagement letter and independence letter and other material written communications between the independent auditors and the management.Board CommitteesAudit Committee. We intend to establish an audit committee of the Board which will consist of soon-to-be-nominated independent directors. The audit committees duties will be to recommend to the Board the engagement of independent auditors to audit our financial statements and to review our accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee will review the scope, timing and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and independent public accountants, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of directors who are, in the opinion of the Board, free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles.Audit Committee Financial Expert. The Board currently acts as our audit committee. The Board is still in the process of finding an audit committee financial expert as defined in Regulation S-K and directors that are independent as that term is used in Section 10A of the Exchange Act.Compensation Committee. We intend to establish a compensation committee of the Board. The compensation committee will review and approve our salary and benefits policies, including compensation of executive officers.Nominating Committee. We do not presently have a nominating committee. Our board of directors currently acts as our nominating committee.Code of EthicsWe are developing a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officers and principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and also to other employees.EXECUTIVE COMPENSATIONOur executive compensation program is designed to help us attract talented individuals to manage and operate all aspects of our business, to reward those individuals fairly over time and to retain those individuals who continue to meet our high expectations.4141The following is a summary of the compensation we paid to our former Chief Executive Officer and current Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the two years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016. This includes all compensation, including any compensation paid to the officer by any of our subsidiaries. Other than otherwise disclosed, no executive officer received compensation in excess of $100,000 in 2017 or 2016.Summary Compensation TableName & Principal Position Fiscal Year Base Compensation (annual, unless otherwise noted) Bonus Stock Options Total Annual Geoffrey Armstrong; President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director (1) 2015 48,000 - - 48,000 2016 48,000 - - 48,000 2017 - - - - Hoi Ming Chan; President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director (1) 2017 - - - - Edward Low; Chief Financial Officer and Director 2015 42,000 - - 42,000 2016 42,000 - - 42,000 2017 42,000 - - 42,000Fiscal YearBase Compensation (annual, unless otherwise noted)BonusStock OptionsTotal AnnualGeoffrey Armstrong; President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director (1) 2015 48,000 - - 48,000201548,000--48,0002016 48,000 - - 48,000201648,000--48,0002017 - - - -2017----Hoi Ming Chan; President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director (1) 2017 - - - -2017----Edward Low; Chief Financial Officer and Director 2015 42,000 - - 42,000201542,000--42,0002016 42,000 - - 42,000201642,000--42,0002017 42,000 - - 42,000201742,000--42,000(1) On August 1, 2017, Geoffrey Armstrong resigned from the positions of President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director. Hoi Ming Chan was appointed as our new President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director effective from August 1, 2017.(1)On August 1, 2017, Geoffrey Armstrong resigned from the positions of President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director. Hoi Ming Chan was appointed as our new President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director effective from August 1, 2017.Employment AgreementsAs of the reporting date, we have entered into an employment agreement with our sole Chief Financial Officer. For other executives, directors or employees, we have not entered into any direct or indirect employment agreements of the reporting date although they may enter into such arrangements in the future.4242Compensation Discussion and AnalysisWe strive to provide our named executive officers (as defined in Item 402 of Regulation S-K) with a competitive base salary that is in line with their roles and responsibilities when compared to peer companies of comparable size in similar locations.It is not uncommon for Hong Kong private companies in to have base salaries as the sole form of compensation. The base salary level is established and reviewed based on the level of responsibilities, the experience and tenure of the individual and the current and potential contributions of the individual. The base salary is compared to the list of similar positions within comparable peer companies and consideration is given to the executives relative experience in his or her position. Base salaries are reviewed periodically and at the time of promotion or other changes in responsibilities.We will consider forming a compensation committee to oversee the compensation of our named executive officers. The majority of the members of the compensation committee would be independent directors.Compensation of DirectorsDirectors are permitted to receive fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors. The board of directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors. No amounts have been paid to, or accrued to, directors in such capacity.As of the date of this report, our directors have received no compensation for their service on the board of directors. We plan to implement a compensation program for our independent directors, as and when they are appointed, which we anticipate will include such elements as an annual retainer, meeting attendance fees and stock options. The details of that compensation program will be negotiated with each independent director.4343Aggregated Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option Value TableThere were no stock options exercised during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, by the executive officers named in the Executive Compensation Table.CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONSExcept for the ownership of our securities, and except as set forth below, none of the directors, executive officers, holders of more than five percent of our outstanding common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any such person have, to our knowledge, had a material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction or proposed transaction which may materially affect our company.On January 15, 2018, IMGL entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Tang Dynasty Investment Group Limited. Tang Dynasty Investment Group Limited is a limited liability company incorporated on March 22, 2017 under the laws of Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region, China. Prior to the Share Exchange Agreements, all its 10,000 issued and outstanding shares, par value $0.128 (HK$1) per share, were owned by Mr. Hoi Ming Chan, Yuk Kiu Chan, Herman Cheuk Kau Kwong, Kwok Leung Lee, Ni Qin, and Ping ChanProcedures for Approval of Related Party TransactionsOur board of directors is charged with reviewing and approving all potential related party transactions. All such related party transactions must then be reported under applicable SEC rules. We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such transactions, but instead review them on a case-by-case basis.LEGAL PROCEEDINGSWe know of no material, active, pending or threatened proceeding against us or our subsidiaries, nor are we, or any subsidiary, involved as a plaintiff or defendant in any material proceeding or pending litigation. We, however, are currently involved as a third party in an administrative litigation between Yunsheng Yang and Yangshuo County People's Government.In an administrative litigation in 2017, the plaintiff Yunsheng YANG, an independent third party to Yangshuo, filed a claim against the Yangshuo County People's Government (the Government) naming Yangshuo as the third party in revoking the State-owned Land Use Certificate (Shuo Guo Yong (2015) No.500), which states that Yangshuo has the right to use the land involved of area of approximately 734.4 (the Land). On August 10, 2017, the Guilin Intermediate People's Court held that there was no evidence could prove the plaintiff has any right regarding the Land and dismiss all the plaintiffs claims.The plaintiff was unsatisfied with the judgment and appealed to the Guilin Intermediate People's Court. The second trial is depending now. If the judge upholds the plaintiffs claims, Yangshou might lose the right to use the involved land.MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE REGISTRANTSCOMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERSMarket InformationOur common stock has been quoted on the OTCBB since March 18, 2014 under the designation IMGL, however, there has been no trading in our common stock historically.If a market develops, the trading of our common stock is likely to be thin and volatile. The market price of our common stock will be subject to significant fluctuations in response to variations in our quarterly operating results, general trends in the market, and other factors, over many of which we have little or no control. In addition, broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic, business and political conditions, may adversely affect the market for our common stock, regardless of our actual or projected performance.4444Holders of Our Common StockAs of January 18, 2018, we have 414,059,000 shares of Common Stock outstanding held by 29 shareholders. The holders of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holder of the common stock has no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock.DividendsWe have not paid dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. We will rely on dividends from our PRC operation entity for our funds and PRC regulations may limit the amount of funds distributed to us from our PRC operation entity, which will affect our ability to declare any dividends.Stock Option and Warrant GrantsWe have no stock option and warrant granted to our executives, employees, vendors, consultants and any other parties as of the reporting date.Registration RightsWe have not granted registration rights to the selling shareholders or to any other persons.Equity Compensation PlansWe have not adopted any equity compensation plans as of the reporting date.Penny Stock RegulationsOur shares of common stock are subject to the penny stock rules of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and various rules under this Act. In general terms, penny stock is defined as any equity security that has a market price less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. The rules provide that any equity security is considered to be a penny stock unless that security is registered and traded on a national securities exchange meeting specified criteria set by the SEC, issued by a registered investment company, and excluded from the definition on the basis of price (at least $5.00 per share), or based on the issuers net tangible assets or revenues. In the last case, the issuers net tangible assets must exceed $3,000,000 if in continuous operation for at least three years or $5,000,000 if in operation for less than three years, or the issuers average revenues for each of the past three years must exceed $6,000,000.Trading in shares of penny stock is subject to additional sales practice requirements for broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Accredited investors, in general, include individuals with assets in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000 (or $300,000 together with their spouse), and certain institutional investors. For transactions covered by these rules, broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of the security and must have received the purchasers written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the first transaction, of a risk disclosure document relating to the penny stock. A broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, and current quotations for the security. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks. These rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to trade or maintain a market in our common stock, to the extent it is penny stock, and may affect the ability of shareholders to sell their shares.4545RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIESOn January 15, 2018, we consummated a Share Exchange Agreement with Tang Dynasty, to acquire all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Tang Dynasty, a Hong Kong company, in exchange for the issuance to 400,000,000 restricted shares of our common stock.We claim an exemption from the registration requirements of the Act for the private placement of the shares of our common stock to, shareholders of Tang Dynasty, pursuant to Regulation S promulgated thereunder since, among other things, the offer or sale was made in an offshore transaction and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. In addition, the recipient of the shares certified that it is not a U.S. person and is not acquiring the securities for the account or benefit of any U.S. person and agreed to resell such securities only in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from registration; and agreed not to engage in hedging transactions with regard to such securities unless in compliance with the Act.4646DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIESThe following is a summary description of our capital stock and certain provisions under the laws of the State of Nevada where the Company was incorporated. The following discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibits.GeneralWe are authorized to issue 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and no share of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share.Common StockThe holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors then up for election. The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining which are available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision has been made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Holders of shares of our common stock, as such, have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption provisions applicable to the common stock.Indemnification of Directors and OfficersUnder provisions of the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the registrant, directors and officers will be indemnified for any and all judgments, fines, amounts paid in settlement and reasonable expenses, including attorneys fees, in connection with threatened, p ending or completed actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, or criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action arising by or in the right of the registrant), if such director or officer has been wholly successful on the merits or otherwise, or is found to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. In addition, directors and officers will be indemnified for reasonable expenses in connection with threatened, pending or completed actions or suits by or in the right of registrant if such director or officer has been wholly successful on the merits or otherwise, or is found to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant, except in the case of certain findings by a court that such person is liable for negligence or misconduct in his or her duty to the registrant unless such court also finds that such person is nevertheless fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity. The registrants Articles of Incorporation also eliminates the liability of directors of the registrant for monetary damages to the fullest extent permissible under Nevada law.Indemnification against Public PolicyInsofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling an issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the opinion of the SEC is that such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.The effect of indemnification may be to limit the rights of the Company and the stockholders (through stockholders derivative suits on behalf of the Company) to recover monetary damages and expenses against a director for breach of fiduciary duty.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition of AssetsItem 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On September 25, 2018, IEA completed its previously announced acquisition of CCS I [(d/b/a Saiia and the ACC Companies] pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement.The aggregate amount of the consideration payable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement was approximately $145.0 million. The Company funded the acquisition consideration and certain costs associated with the acquisition through borrowings under Credit Facility described under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, which description is incorporated by reference herein.The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement filed on the Current Report on Form 8-K/A of the Company on August 14, 2018, which agreement is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On November 2, 2018, IEA completed its previously announced acquisition of William Charles pursuant to the terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement.The aggregate amount of the consideration payable pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement was approximately 85.0 million of cash and 477,621 shares of common stock of the Company. IEA funded the cash portion of the acquisition consideration and certain costs associated with the acquisition through borrowings under the Incremental Term Loan.The foregoing description of the Equity Purchase Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Equity Purchase Agreement filed on the Current Report on Form 8-K/A of the Company on October 15, 2018, which agreement is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
ITEM 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 28, 2018, pursuant to the previously announced Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated January 27, 2018, by and among the Company, SingleHop, the members of SingleHop set forth therein and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (the Agreement), the Company acquired all of the membership interests in SingleHop. The purchase price for the transaction was $132 million, and the estimated net working capital of SingleHop at closing resulted in an upward adjustment of $0.7 million, subject to a further post-closing adjustment upward or downward upon finalization of the SingleHop closing date balance sheet. Financing for the acquisition was provided through the proceeds of the Incremental Term Loan under the Third Amendment and cash on the balance sheet.The foregoing summary description of the Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The Company has attached the Agreement to provide information about the terms contained therein, and the Agreement is not intended to provide any factual information about any party thereto. Specifically, the Agreement contains a number of representations and warranties which the parties thereto have made to each other. The assertions made in those representations and warranties are qualified by information in confidential disclosure schedules which have not been provided as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Such representations and warranties were used for the purpose of allocating risk, both known and unknown, among the parties to the Agreement rather than to make affirmative factual claims or statements. Accordingly, you should not rely on the representations and warranties as current characterizations of factual information, or as definitively stating actual facts, with respect to any parties to the Agreement.ITEM 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsAs described in the Introductory Note above, on March 5, 2018, Purchaser irrevocably accepted for payment all Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer on or prior to the Expiration Date. On March 6, 2018, the Merger was completed pursuant to Section 251(h) of the DGCL, with no vote of the Juno stockholders required to consummate the Merger. Upon the consummation of the Merger, Juno became a wholly owned subsidiary of Celgene.The aggregate consideration paid by Purchaser in the Offer and Merger to purchase all outstanding Shares (other than Company-Owned Shares and Celgene-Owned Shares) and other equity-based interests of Juno pursuant to the Offer and the Merger, including the related fees and expenses, was approximately $10 billion. Celgene provided Purchaser with the necessary funds to fund the Offer and the Merger through a combination of its cash on hand and proceeds from the issuance of senior unsecured notes.Celgene-Ownedequity-basedThe information contained in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

ITEM 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETSDisposition of Legacy at Valley RanchOn October 26, 2010, KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT, Inc. (the Company), through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary (the Legacy at Valley Ranch Owner), purchased a 504-unit apartment complex (Legacy at Valley Ranch) on approximately 20.3 acres of land located in the Valley Ranch community of Irving, Texas.On February 8, 2018, the Company completed the sale of Legacy at Valley Ranch to Elite Street Capital Valley Ranch Equity DE, LLC, a buyer unaffiliated with the Company or its advisor, for $66.5 million, net of closing credits, closing costs and fees. In connection with the disposition of Legacy at Valley Ranch, the Company, through the Legacy at Valley Ranch Owner, entered into a defeasance with the lender under the mortgage loan secured by Legacy at Valley Ranch (the Legacy at Valley Ranch Mortgage Loan) to defease the entire outstanding principal balance of $30.2 million and release Legacy at Valley Ranch as security for the Legacy at Valley Ranch Mortgage Loan.Disposition of Crystal Park at WaterfordOn May 8, 2013, the Company, through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary (the Crystal Park at Waterford Owner), purchased a 314-unit apartment complex (Crystal Park at Waterford) on approximately 16.3 acres of land located in Frederick, Maryland.On February 8, 2018, the Company completed the sale of Crystal Park at Waterford to Elite Street Capital Crystal Park Equity DE, LLC, a buyer unaffiliated with the Company or its advisor, for $44.4 million, net of closing credits, closing costs and fees. In connection with the disposition of Crystal Park at Waterford, the Company, through the Crystal Park at Waterford Owner, entered into a defeasance with the lender under the mortgage loan secured by Crystal Park at Waterford (the Crystal Park at Waterford Mortgage Loan) to defease the entire outstanding principal balance of $26.2 million and release Crystal Park at Waterford as security for the Crystal Park at Waterford Mortgage Loan.ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITSITEM 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETSDisposition of the Lofts at the HighlandsOn February 25, 2014, KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT, Inc. (the Company), through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, purchased a 200-unit apartment complex (the Lofts at the Highlands) on approximately 2.8 acres of land located in St. Louis, Missouri.On March 28, 2018, the Company completed the sale of the Lofts at the Highlands to Elite Street Capital Lofts Equity DE, LLC (the Lofts at the Highlands Buyer), a buyer unaffiliated with the Company or its advisor, for $44.4 million. In connection with the disposition of the Lofts at the Highlands, the Lofts at the Highlands Buyer assumed the mortgage loan secured by the Lofts at the Highlands (the Lofts at the Highlands Mortgage Loan) with an outstanding principal balance of $30.2 million at the time of the sale. The net cash to the Company from the disposition of the Lofts at the Highlands, based on the gross sales price of $44.4 million and reduced by the aggregate outstanding balance of the Lofts at the Highlands Mortgage Loan, and net of closing costs, the disposition fee and rental security deposits, was approximately $13.6 million.Disposition of The Residence at WaterstoneOn April 6, 2012, the Company, through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, purchased a 255-unit apartment complex (The Residence at Waterstone) on approximately 25.2 acres of land located in northwest Baltimore suburb of Pikesville, Maryland.On March 29, 2018, the Company completed the sale of The Residence at Waterstone to Elite Street Capital Waterstone Equity DE, LLC (The Residence at Waterstone Buyer), a buyer unaffiliated with the Company or its advisor, for $60.1 million, excluding closing credits. In connection with the disposition of The Residence at Waterstone, The Residence at Waterstone Buyer assumed the mortgage loan secured by The Residence at Waterstone (The Residence at Waterstone Mortgage Loan) with an outstanding principal balance of $44.5 million at the time of the sale. The net cash to the Company from the disposition of The Residence at Waterstone, based on the gross sales price of $60.1 million and reduced by the aggregate outstanding balance of The Residence at Waterstone Mortgage Loan, and net of closing credits, closing costs, the disposition fee and rental security deposits, was approximately $13.0 million.ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
ITEM 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETSOn March 6, 2018, KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT, Inc. (the Company), through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary (the Owner), acquired from DOF II City Tower LLC (the Seller), an office building containing 431,007 rentable square feet located on approximately 4.92 acres of land in Orange, California (City Tower). The seller is not affiliated with the Company or KBS Capital Advisors LLC, the Companys external advisor.The purchase price of City Tower was $147.3 million plus closing costs. The Company funded the purchase of City Tower with proceeds from the City Tower Mortgage Loan (discussed below) and proceeds from the sale of 11 properties to a newly formed Singapore real estate investment trust as disclosed in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2017.City Tower was built in 1988 and partially renovated in 2016 and is currently 76% leased to 24 tenants. The current aggregate annual effective base rent, which is calculated as the annualized contractual base rental income (excluding rental abatements), for the tenants of City Tower is approximately $10.3 million. The current weighted-average remaining lease term for the tenants is approximately 4.1 years and the current weighted-average annual rental rate over the remaining lease term is $34.63 per square foot.ITEM 2.03 CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF REGISTRANTITEM 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETSOn November 30, 2018, KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT, Inc. (the Company, we, our or us), through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, sold a portfolio of 21 office/flex/industrial buildings containing a total of 778,472 rentable square feet located on approximately 41 acres of land in Redmond, Washington (the Westpark Portfolio) to Keppel-KBS Westpark, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Keppel-KBS US REIT (the SREIT). The sale price, net of closing credits, of the Westpark Portfolio was $165.5 million, before third-party closing costs of approximately $3.1 million and excluding any disposition fees payable to KBS Capital Advisors LLC, the Companys external advisor. Prior to the sale of the Westpark Portfolio, the Company owned 43,999,500 common units of the SREIT, representing a 6.96% ownership interest. On November 26, 2018, the SREIT issued an aggregate of 186,236,224 common units of the SREIT as a result of their renounceable and underwritten rights issue. The Company purchased 12,979,852 common units of the SREIT for $6.5 million in connection with this offering, maintaining its 6.96% ownership interest. In connection with the sale of the Westpark Portfolio, the Company repaid $84.8 million of outstanding debt secured by the Westpark Portfolio.November 30, 2018, KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT, Inc. (the Company, we, our or us), through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, sold a portfolio of 21 office/flex/industrial buildings containing a total of 778,472 rentable square feet located on approximately 41 acres of land in Redmond, Washington (the Westpark Portfolio) to Keppel-KBS Westpark, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Keppel-KBS US REIT (the SREIT). The sale price, net of closing credits, of the Westpark Portfolio was$165.5 million, before third-party closing costs of approximately$3.1 millionand excluding any disposition fees payable to KBS Capital Advisors LLC, the Companys external advisor. Prior to the sale of the Westpark Portfolio, the Company owned 43,999,500 common units of the SREIT, representing a6.96%ownership interest. On November 26, 2018, the SREIT issued an aggregate of 186,236,224 common units of the SREIT as a result of their renounceable and underwritten rights issue. The Company purchased12,979,852common units of the SREIT for$6.5 millionin connection with this offering, maintaining its6.96%ownership interest. In connection with the sale of the Westpark Portfolio, the Company repaid $84.8 million of outstanding debt secured by the Westpark Portfolio.The SREIT is externally managed by a joint venture (the Manager) between (i) an entity in which Keith D. Hall, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and a director, and Peter McMillan III, the Companys President and Chairman of the board of directors, have an indirect ownership interest and (ii) Keppel Capital Holding Pte. Ltd., which is not affiliated with the Company. The SREIT pays certain purchase and sale commissions and asset management fees to the Manager in exchange for the provision of certain management services.ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 14, 2018, Kirby Corporation completed the previously announced acquisition of Higman Marine, Inc. and affiliated companies (Higman), an operator of tank barges and towboats participating in the inland tank barge transportation industry in the United States. The acquisition was completed pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 4, 2018 between Kirby, Higman and the owners of Higman. The purchase price was approximately $419 million in cash (before post-closing adjustments and transaction fees). The cash consideration was financed from the proceeds of a new issuance of senior notes, which closed on February 12, 2018.Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

ITEM 2.01COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETSAs previously reported under our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 18, 2017 (the Prior Form 8-K), on December 12, 2017, Kandi Technologies Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Zhejiang Kandi Vehicles Co., Ltd. (Kandi Vehicles), a company organized under the laws of the Peoples Republic of China (the PRC), entered into (i) a Share Transfer Agreement (the Share Transfer Agreement) with Mr. Wang Xinhuo, sole shareholder of Jinhua An Kao, as defined below (the Transferor) and (ii) a Supplementary Agreement (the Supplementary Agreement) with the Transferor, pursuant to which Kandi Vehicles agreed to purchase all the equity interests of Jinhua An Kao Power Technology Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the PRC (Jinhua An Kao). The consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Share Transfer Agreement and Supplementary Agreement took place on January 3, 2018. The acquisition is for the purpose of growing the Companys business through vertical integration.Pursuant to the terms of the Share Transfer Agreement, Kandi Vehicles acquired all the equity interests of Jinhua An Kao for a purchase price of approximately RMB25.93 million (approximately $3.9 million) in cash to the Transferor. In addition, pursuant to the Supplementary Agreement, the Company issued 2,959,837 shares of restrictive stock or 6.2% of the Companys total outstanding shares of the common stock, on a pre-transaction basis, to the Transferor and his designees at the closing. The other aggregate of 2,959,837 shares of the restrictive stock are make good shares for the undertaking of Jinhua An Kao to achieve no less than a total of RMB120,000,000 (approximately $18.1 million) net income over the course of the following three years.The Transferor has no relationship to the Company other than in connection with this transaction.22

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 12, 2018, Lennar Corporation (the Company) completed the acquisition of CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (CalAtlantic) through a transaction in which CalAtlantic was merged with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving corporation and a subsidiary of the Company (the Merger). The Merger took place pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 29, 2017, among CalAtlantic, the Company and Merger Sub (the Merger Agreement).CalAtlantic is a homebuilder which builds homes across the homebuilding spectrum, from entry level to luxury, in 43 Metropolitan Statistical Areas in 19 states. It also provides mortgage, title and escrow services. At December 31, 2017, CalAtlantic owned or controlled approximately 70,000 homesites. It was building homes in 566 communities and had a backlog of home sale contracts relating to 6,420 homes with a total dollar value of $3.2 billion. Additional information about CalAtlantic and its assets and liabilities is contained in a Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus which is part of the Companys registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, File No. 333-221738 (the Registration Statement), to which the Merger Agreement is an exhibit. The Registration Statement, including the Merger Agreement, is incorporated by reference into this Report on Form 8-K.8-K.Prior to the Merger, the CalAtlantic common stock was traded on the New York Stock Exchange. CalAtlantics stockholders are receiving as Merger consideration 0.885 shares of the Companys Class A common stock and 0.0177 shares of the Companys Class B common stock with regard to each share of CalAtlantic common stock. However, CalAtlantic stockholders had the option, which expired on February 5, 2018, to elect to receive $48.26 per CalAtlantic share in cash instead of stock of the Company as Merger consideration, subject to a limit that the amount the Company would be required to pay in cash would not exceed $1,162,249,972. Due to that limit, the option to receive cash could not be exercised with regard to more than 24,083,091 shares of CalAtlantic common stock. Holders of only 391,893 shares of CalAtlantic common stock elected to receive cash. However, MP CA Homes LLC, the largest stockholder of CalAtlantic, had agreed that if stockholders did not elect to receive cash with regard to the remainder of the maximum 24,083,091 shares, MP CA Homes LLC would be deemed to have elected to receive cash with regard to the maximum number of shares as to which cash elections could be made. As a result, the Company is issuing as Merger consideration a total of 82,731,943 shares of its Class A common stock, 1,654,639 shares of its Class B common stock and $1,162,249,972 in cash. No fractional shares of the Companys common stock will be issued in the Merger, and CalAtlantic stockholders will instead receive cash in lieu of fractional shares of the Companys common stock. The Company may issue additional shares and pay additional cash in the future as a result of conversions of CalAtlantic convertible debt securities and exercises of CalAtlantic options, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights.The description above of the terms of the transaction is not complete. The transaction is described in greater detail in the Registration Statement and in the Merger Agreement.In connection with the Merger, Scott D. Stowell, who was the Executive Chairman of CalAtlantic until the Merger, was elected to the Companys Board of Directors as of immediately after the effective time of the Merger.

ITEM 2.01. COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.On March 2, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with Section 264(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law and Section 18-209 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act), Merger Sub merged with and into Taylor (the Stage One Merger) with Taylor continuing as the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation). Immediately following the Stage One Merger, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with Section 18-209 of the Act, the Surviving Corporation merged with and into Buyer Survivor LLC with Buyer Survivor LLC continuing as the surviving corporation (the Stage Two Merger, and together with the Stage One Merger, the Mergers). Upon completion of the Mergers, Buyer Survivor LLC (previously Taylor) became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.The aggregate consideration paid by the Company in the Acquisition consisted of the Acquisition Shares and the Cash Consideration, without giving effect to related transaction fees and expenses.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2017 and which is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously disclosed, on January 30, 2018, Lilis Energy, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with OneEnergy Partners Operating, LLC (OEP) for the purchase of certain oil and gas properties and related assets in the Delaware Basin (the Acquisition).Purchase AgreementOEPAcquisitionOn March 15, 2018, the Company completed the Acquisition for an aggregate, as adjusted purchase price of approximately $40 million in cash and 6,940,722 shares of the Companys common stock (the Shares). The cash portion of the consideration for the Acquisition was funded with the net proceeds from a recently completed preferred stock issuance.The acquired properties include approximately 2,798 net leasehold acres in the Delaware Basin in Lea County, New Mexico, with average daily net production for the year ended December 31, 2017 of approximately 425 barrels of oil equivalent.The Purchase Agreement includes registration rights provisions pursuant to which, among other matters, (i) the Company is required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), registering for resale the Shares and (ii) OEP has piggyback rights to include Shares in certain underwritten offerings.Securities ActThe foregoing description of the terms of the Purchase Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full copy of the Purchase and Sale Agreement filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2018 and incorporated in this Current Report by reference.

ITEM 2.01COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.On December 28, 2017, we completed the Share Exchange pursuant to the Agreement on the terms as set forth in Item 1.01 of the December 4, 2017 Form 8-K. Please refer to Item 1.01 for a description of the material terms and conditions of the Share Exchange.On December 28, 2017, we completed the Share Exchange pursuant to the Agreement on the terms as set forth in Item 1.01 of the December 4, 2017 Form 8-K. Please refer to Item 1.01 for a description of the material terms and conditions of the Share Exchange.Ms. So Ka Yan, the wife of Man Wah Stephen Yip, our Chairman of the Board of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer, is the principal shareholder of the Company and the sole shareholder of Hong Kong Cryptocurrency Exchange Limited. Ms. So Ka Yan received 40,000,000 restricted shares of the Company, representing 100% of the shares issued to the HKCCEX Shareholder, in exchange for her 100% equity interest in Hong Kong Cryptocurrency Exchange Limited.Ms. So Ka Yan, the wife of Man Wah Stephen Yip, our Chairman of the Board of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer, is the principal shareholder of the Company and the sole shareholder of Hong Kong Cryptocurrency Exchange Limited. Ms. So Ka Yan received 40,000,000 restricted shares of the Company, representing 100% of the shares issued to the HKCCEX Shareholder, in exchange for her 100% equity interest in Hong Kong Cryptocurrency Exchange Limited.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 15, 2018, Andina held an extraordinary general meeting (the Meeting) at which the Andina shareholders considered and adopted, among other matters, proposals approving the Mergers. On March 15, 2018, the parties consummated the Mergers.22At the Meeting, holders of 1,096,880 ordinary shares of Andina sold in its initial public offering (public shares) exercised their rights to convert those shares to cash at a conversion price of $10.30 per share, or an aggregate of $11,297,864.Simultaneously with Closing, Holdco consummated a series of securities purchase agreements with institutional investors for the sale of convertible preferred stock, common stock, and warrants of Holdco for an aggregate purchase price of $94.8 million (the PIPE Investment) in a private placement. At Closing, Holdco issued an aggregate of 600,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock of Holdco (with a stated value of $60.0 million), 3,993,479 Holdco Shares and five-year warrants to purchase an additional 2,503,937 Holdco Shares exercisable at $11.50 per share. The investors in the PIPE Investment were granted certain registration rights as set forth in the securities purchase agreements.Immediately after giving effect to the Mergers, the conversion of Andina shares for cash and the PIPE Investment all as described above, there were 8,471,885 Holdco Shares issued and outstanding, 600,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock of Holdco issued and outstanding, warrants (including pre-funded warrants) to purchase an aggregate of 5,998,436 Holdco Shares issued and outstanding and unit purchase options issued and outstanding exercisable to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 units at $10.00 per unit representing the right to receive an aggregate of 457,142 ordinary shares and 400,000 warrants to purchase 200,000 ordinary shares at $11.50 per share. Upon the Closing, Andinas units, ordinary shares, rights and warrants ceased trading and the Holdco Shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol LAZY.As noted above, the aggregate conversion price for holders of public shares electing conversion was paid out of Andinas trust account, which had a balance immediately prior to the Closing of approximately $22 million. Of the remaining funds in the trust account and the proceeds from the PIPE Investment: (i) approximately $9.7 million was used to pay transaction expenses, (i) $86.7 million was used to pay the cash portion of the merger consideration to the former stockholders of Lazydays and (iii) the balance of approximately $9.0 million was released to Holdco to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes.FORM 10 INFORMATIONItem 2.01(f) of Form 8-K states that if the registrant was a shell company, as Holdco was immediately before the Mergers, then the registrant must disclose the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10. Accordingly, Holdco is providing below the information that would be included in a Form 10 if it were to file a Form 10. Please note that the information provided below relates to the combined company after the consummation of the Mergers, unless otherwise specifically indicated or the context otherwise requires, and references to Holdco or the Company, we, us and our are intended to refer to Lazydays, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise.BusinessThe Company operates Recreation Vehicle (RV) dealerships and offers a comprehensive portfolio of products and services for RV owners and outdoor enthusiasts. The Company generates revenue by providing RV owners and outdoor enthusiasts a full spectrum of products: RV sales, RV-repair and services, financing and insurance products, third-party protection plans, after-market parts and accessories, RV rentals and RV camping. The Company provides these offerings through its Lazydays branded dealerships. Lazydays is known nationally as The RV AuthorityTM, a registered trademark that has been consistently used by the Company in its marketing and branding communications since 2013.33The Company believes, based on industry research and managements estimates, it operates one of the worlds largest RV dealerships, measured in terms of on-site inventory, located on 126 acres outside Tampa, FL. The Company also operates RV dealerships in Tucson, AZ and three cities in Colorado, Loveland, Denver and Longmont. Lazydays offers the largest selection of RV brands in the nation featuring more than 2,500 new and pre-owned RVs. The Company has over 300 service bays across all locations and has RV parts and accessories stores at all locations. Lazydays also has RV rental fleets in all three markets and availability to two on-site campgrounds with over 700 RV campsites. The Company welcomes over 500,000 visitors to its dealership locations annually, and employs over 700 people at the five facilities. The Companys dealership locations are staffed with knowledgeable local team members, providing customers access to extensive RV expertise. The Company believes its dealership locations are strategically located in key RV markets. Based on information collected by the Company from reports prepared by Statistical Surveys, these key RV markets (Florida, Colorado and Arizona) account for a significant portion of new RV units sold on an annual basis in the U.S. The Companys dealerships in these key markets attract customers from all states, except Hawaii.The Company attracts new customers primarily through Lazydays dealership locations as well as digital and traditional marketing efforts. Once the Company acquires customers through a transaction, those customers become part of the Companys customer database where the Company leverages customized CRM tools and analytics to actively engage, market and sell its products and services.Company StrengthsThe Iconic Brand. With over forty years of history dating back to 1976, Lazydays is an iconic, industry leading brand that is synonymous with the RV lifestyle and is known nationally as the RV AuthorityTM, a registered trademark that has been consistently used by the Company in its marketing and branding communications since 2013. Based on a research report prepared by Russell Research in November / December 2017, Lazydays is the second most well-known R.V. dealership brand among a national audience of non-Lazydays customers surveyed. According to the report, over 85% of Lazydays customers and over 80% of prospective customers surveyed believe that Lazydays is among the category leaders in the industry. The Companys consistent quality, breadth and depth of offerings, as well as its comprehensive range of RV lifestyle resources, have resulted in the Companys customers having adoring loyalty to and lasting trust in the Companys brands.TMComprehensive Portfolio of Products, Services and Protection Plans. The Company is a provider of a comprehensive portfolio of products, services, third-party protection plans and resources for RV enthusiasts. The Company offers more than 40,000 products and services through Lazydays dealership locations. The Companys offerings are based on 41 years of experience and feedback from RV enthusiasts.Customer Experience. Lazydays believes it has built its reputation on providing an outstanding customer experience with exceptional service and product expertise. One of the Companys primary goals is to create Customers for Life by offering a unique purchasing experience that combines a large selection of RV inventory, the Companys unique scenic facilities with multiple amenities and its customer focused, process-oriented approach to servicing the customer. Building a welcoming atmosphere that caters to the RV enthusiast community is an intangible element critical to the Companys success, and the Companys philosophy is thoroughly ingrained in and continually reinforced throughout its corporate culture at every level. As per a research report prepared by Russell Research in November / December 2017, over 70% of Lazydays customers and over 60% of prospective customers surveyed strongly agree that Lazydays provides a high quality customer experience. The Company believes that its customer-focused business model has resulted in a loyal, stable and growing customer base (as evidenced by the Companys increase in RV unit deliveries 6,977 in 2016 to 7,391 in 2017) as well as a strong reputation within the RV community. Lazydays target customers are RV enthusiasts who are seeking a lifestyle centered around the RV.Employee Service and Commitment. Lazydays has been recognized as a Top 50 RV Dealer by RVBusiness and as one of Tampa Bays Top Work Places. Lazydays believes its position as a top-rated dealer and workplace has been cultivated over decades, is very difficult to replicate and is a significant competitive advantage.RVBusinessIn 2005, Lazydays employees started the Lazydays Employee Foundation (the Foundation), a non-profit organization focused on making a positive impact in the lives of at-risk children. The Foundation is run exclusively by employees as volunteers and members of the Foundations board of directors, and their mission is to measurably change the lives of children by instilling hope, inspiring dreams and empowering them with education. The Foundation has donated more than $1.2 million to help disadvantaged children in Florida, Arizona and Colorado. The Company employees form Dream Teams of volunteers to lend hands on building projects, perform repair work for group homes or homeless shelters, cook and feed the needy, and engage in life enriching activities with at risk youth. The Foundation received the WEDU Be MoreBrilliant Innovation Award, Be MoreRelevant Best Use of Video Award, and the Be MoreEncouraged Judges Choice Award, the 2016 Olin Mott Golden Heart award and was recognized with A Kids Place Guardian Angel Award. In 2017, the Foundation was awarded the distinguished Arthur J. Decio Humanitarian Award by Ally Financial Inc. for outstanding civil and community charity outreach.Innovation Award,Be MoreRelevantBest Use of Video Award,Be MoreEncouragedJudges Choice Award44Leading Market Position and Scale. Lazydays believes it is one of the largest RV retailers in the United States. As per a research report prepared by Russell Research in November / December 2017, Lazydays is the second most well-known RV brand among the national audience. The Companys scale and its long-term stability make it attractive to the Companys original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), suppliers, financiers and business partners. The strong relationship with OEMs and suppliers enables the Company to negotiate attractive product pricing and availability. The Company also aligns with its OEMs on product development in which the Company leverages its customer base to provide feedback on new products. The Companys scale and strong relationship with its financing and insurance partners enables it to offer extensive financing products and insurance plans that fit almost every customers needs.Consistent Processes and Procedures. Lazydays utilizes a system of process documentation and implementation called the Lazydays Way. Lazydays believes that the Lazydays Way allows it to implement and maintain very efficient and consistent operating procedures across all of its dealerships.Variable Cost Structure and Capital Efficient Model. Lazydays decentralized and flat management structure coupled with incentive programs focused on profitability have allowed Lazydays to achieve a highly variable cost structure. The Companys digital marketing and analytics capabilities provides it with significant flexibility and meaningfully improves its marketing productivity and efficiency via targeted marketing programs. The Company believes its operating model leads to strong and stable margins through economic cycles, resulting in what it believes to be high cash flow generation, low capital expenditure requirements and strong returns on invested capital.Experienced Team. Lazydays management team has extensive dealership and industry experience. The Company offers highly competitive compensation tightly tied to performance, which has allowed the Company to attract and retain its highly capable team.Lazydays OfferingsNew and Used VehiclesNew Vehicles: Lazydays offers a comprehensive selection of new RVs across almost the entire range of price points, classes and floor plans, from entry level travel trailers to Class A diesel pushers, at its dealership locations and on its website. Lazydays has formed strategic alliances with all leading RV manufacturers. The core brands that the Company sells, representing 89% of the new vehicles that were sold by the Company in 2017, are manufactured by Thor Industries, Winnebago Industries, Forest River, Inc., and Tiffin Motorhomes.Used Vehicles: Lazydays sells a comprehensive selection of used RVs at its dealership locations. The primary source of used RVs is through trade-ins associated with the sale of new and used RVs. Lazydays is also very active in the used RV market and its extensive RV knowledge and experience allows Lazydays to buy used RVs at attractive prices. Used RVs are generally reconditioned in the Companys service departments prior to sale. Used RVs that do not meet the Companys standards for retail sale are wholesaled.Dealership Finance and InsuranceVehicle financing: Lazydays arranges for financing for vehicle purchases through third-party finance sources in exchange for a commission payable to it. Lazydays does not directly finance its customers purchases, and its exposure to loss in connection with these financing arrangements generally is limited to the commissions that it receives. For the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company arranged financing transactions for a majority of the total number of new and used units sold by it.Protection Plans: Lazydays offers a variety of third-party protection plans and services to the purchasers of its RVs as part of the delivery process, including extended vehicle service contracts, tire and wheel protection, guaranteed auto protection (known as GAP, this protection covers the shortfall between a customers loan balance and insurance payoff in the event of a casualty) and property insurance. These products are primarily underwritten and administered by independent third parties. Lazydays is primarily compensated on a straight commission basis.55Parts and Services and OtherRepair and Maintenance: In addition to preparing RVs for delivery to customers, Lazydays service and repair operations, with over 300 service bays, provide onsite general RV maintenance and repair services at all the Companys dealership locations. Lazydays employs over 170 highly skilled technicians, with many of them being certified with the Recreational Vehicle Industry Association (RVIA) or the National RV Dealers Association (RVDA). The Company is equipped to offer comprehensive services and perform OEM warranty repairs for most RV components. The Company also maintains a body shop, cabinet shop, chassis shop and windshield and glass repair shop with specialized equipment and facilities.Installation of parts and accessories: Lazydays full-service repair facilities enable Lazydays to install all parts and accessories sold at its dealership locations, including, among other items, towing and hitching products, satellite systems, braking systems, leveling systems and appliances. While other RV dealerships may be able to install RV parts and accessories and other retailers may be able to sell certain parts and accessories, Lazydays ability to both sell and install necessary parts and accessories affords the Company a competitive advantage over online retailers and big box retailers that do not have service centers designed to accommodate RVs and other RV dealerships that do not offer a comprehensive inventory of parts and accessories.Collision repair: Lazydays offers collision repair services in all markets and the Companys Tampa, Florida, Tucson, Arizona and Loveland, Colorado locations are equipped with full body paint booths. Lazydays facilities are equipped to offer a wide selection of collision repair services, including fiberglass front and rear cap replacement, windshield replacement, interior remodel solutions and paint work. The Company can perform collision repair services for a wide array of insurance carriers.Parts and Accessories Store: With sizable parts and accessories inventory, in addition to a fully stocked onsite retail and accessory stores and access through the Lazydays networks for hard to find parts, Lazydays provides new and pre-owned RV buyers the option of dealer installed accessories, such as tow hitches, satellite dishes and specialized suspension systems that can be included in each buyers financing or aftermarket through the Lazydays retail store footprint. The Company believes that its Tampa, Florida Accessories & More store is among the largest aftermarket parts and accessories stores in the state of Florida.RV Rentals: Lazydays offer consumers interested in the RV lifestyle a fleet of vehicles available for rent. Lazydays rentals offer comprehensive amenities allowing for a more premier camping experience and an introduction to the RV lifestyle. Lazydays offers unlimited mileage and trip planning services and add-ons such as outdoor living, kitchen and linen packages.RV Campground: Lazydays also operates the Lazydays RV Resort at its Tampa, Florida location. Also known as the Lazydays RV Campground, the Lazydays RV Resort includes amenities designed to allow guests to relax and unwind, or enjoy fun activities as a family. The resort offers 300 RV sites with full 50-amp hookups, a full-time activities coordinator, sports courts, trolley service to and from the Lazydays dealership, and a screened and heated pool. The resort also offers rental units that can comfortably accommodate up to 6 people with one and a half bathrooms, full indoor and outdoor kitchens and other amenities. The resort also operates on site restaurants.Growth StrategyGrow the Companys Customer Base. Lazydays believes its strong brands, market position, ongoing investment in its service platform, broad product portfolio and full array of RV offerings will continue to provide it with competitive advantages in targeting and capturing a larger share of consumers in addition to the growing number of new RV enthusiasts that will enter the market. The Company continuously works to attract new customers to its existing dealership locations through targeted integrated digital and traditional marketing efforts, attractive offerings and access to its wide array of resources for RV enthusiasts. The Company has focused specifically on marketing to the fast-growing demographics of retiring baby boomers and younger millennial and Generation X market entrants. The Company also markets to these segments through partnership marketing efforts and its sponsorships of college and professional athletic events, music festivals, motorsports events, RV campsites across the country, and other RV lifestyle efforts..Greenfield Dealership Locations. Lazydays may establish dealership locations in new and existing markets to expand its customer base. Target markets and locations are identified by employing proprietary data and analytical tools. The Company believes there is ample white space for additional development opportunities. The Company intends to open greenfield sites that will grow its customer base and present attractive risk-adjusted returns and significant value-creation opportunities.66Dealership Location Acquisitions. The RV dealership industry is highly fragmented with many independent RV dealers. The Company has used, and plans to continue to use acquisitions of independent dealers as a fast and capital efficient alternative to new dealership location openings to expand its business and grow the Companys customer base. Lazydays believes its experience and scale allow it to operate acquired locations efficiently. Lazydays intends to continue to pursue acquisitions that will grow its customer base and present attractive risk-adjusted returns and significant value-creation opportunities.Service and Collision. Lazydays believes that its service and repair capabilities represent a significant opportunity for incremental revenue growth, especially as the Company grows geographically. Lazydays frequently welcomes customers who travel from across the country to have their vehicles serviced by Lazydays team of service and repair professionals. As a result, the service and repair department serves as a means of attracting potential customers to the Lazydays facilities and offers greater additional sales opportunities for Lazydays.Parts and Accessories Store Accessories & More. Aftermarket RV parts and accessories are typically under-represented at RV dealerships. The Company believes that parts and accessories are an important part of the RV lifestyle and serve to engage customers with the Lazydays brand outside of the typical RV buying and servicing cycle. The Company understands that RV owners need a reliable resource for RV necessities and products that make their camping experience more enjoyable. Lazydays stores have expansive offerings and provide access to RV product experts to assist RV owners in their RV lifestyle needs. Lazydays believes that the Accessories & More strategy encompasses all of the needs of the RV consumer.RV Rentals. Renting RVs continues to grow in popularity as a cost-effective vacation alternative. Lazydays has a fleet of vehicles available for rental at four dealership locations. The Companys rental vehicles have a robust amenity offering and the Companys value proposition includes unlimited mileage, add-ons and trip planning for consumers resulting in a superior rental experience. Lazydays believes that RV rentals drive interest in the RV lifestyle and provides an opportunity to introduce new customers to the Lazydays brand. Lazydays is well positioned to take advantage of this growing opportunity.Leverage the Companys scale and cost structure to improve operating efficiency. As Lazydays grows, it is positioned to leverage its scale to achieve competitive operating margins. The Company manages its new and used RV inventories so that its dealerships supply and mix of vehicles are in line with seasonal sales trends and minimize the Companys carrying costs. In addition, the Company leverages its scale to reduce costs related to purchasing certain equipment, supplies, and services through national vendor relationships.Customers and MarketsThe RV industry is characterized by RV enthusiasts investment in, and steadfast commitment to, the RV lifestyle. The estimated number of U.S. households that own an RV is approximately 9 million.Owners invest in insurance, extended service contracts, parts and accessories, roadside assistance and regular maintenance to protect and maintain their RVs. They typically invest in new accessories and the necessary installation costs as they upgrade their RVs. They also spend on services and resources as they plan, engage in, and return from their road trips. Furthermore, based on industry research and managements estimates, the Company believes that RV owners typically trade-in to buy another RV every four to five years.Per the RVIA 2016 Industry Profile, the RV industry had another strong year in 2016 as wholesale shipments were reported at 430,691 units, up 15.1% over 2015 and the highest total in 10 years. The strong performance in the RV industry continued the longest period of sustained growth for the RV industry, which is now at seven years. The retail value of all 2016 wholesale shipments exceeded $17.7 billion, a gain of more than 7% over the $16.5 billion total recorded in 2015 to provide further evidence of the robust health of the RV market. There are two main categories of RVs: motorhomes (motorized units) and towables (units that are towed behind a car, SUV or pickup). Motorized units include Class C Motorhomes, with prices for new units typically ranging from $60,000 to $120,000, Class A Gas Motorhomes, with prices for new units typically ranging from $75,000 to $160,000, Class A Diesel Motorhomes, with prices for new units typically ranging from $150,000 to $500,000, and Class B Motorhomes, with prices for new units typically ranging from $75,000 to $145,000. Towable units include travel trailers with prices for new units typically ranging from $8,000 to $60,000 and fifth wheel trailers, with prices for new units typically ranging from $24,000 to $90,000. RV manufacturers are now producing more innovative models, such as lightweight towables and smaller, fuel efficient motorhomes. In addition, green technologies, such as solar panels and energy efficient components are appearing on an increasing number of RVs.Generally, used RVs are sold at a lower price level than comparable new RVs and the sale of used RVs has historically been more stable through business cycles than the sale of new vehicles.77Lazydays believes RV trips remain the least expensive type of vacation and allow RV owners to travel more while spending less. RV trips offer savings on a variety of vacation costs, including, among others, airfare, lodging and dining. While fuel costs are a component of the overall vacation cost, the Company believes fluctuations in fuel prices are not a significant factor affecting a familys decision to take RV trips. Per the RVIA, Lazydays believes the average annual mileage use of an RV is between 3,000 miles and 5,000 miles.RV ownership is multi-generational with the strongest sales among the baby boomer and Generation X (age 35-74) segments. The Company has also experienced strong year over year growth among the younger millennial and Generation X age groups. Based on RVIA industry data, robust growth was built on both an expansion of the traditional market as well as on an extension to new entrants that are younger and more ethnically diverse. The RV lifestyle has become more inclusive, providing more leisure options to every generation at an affordable price. Historically sales were built on strong economic gains. Recent volume increases have been influenced by the appeal of the changes in the size, options and features in the units created by RV manufacturers and suppliers. RV sales will continue to benefit from the aging baby-boomers as well as millennials. The number of consumers between the ages of 55 and 74 will total 79 million by 2025, 15% higher than in 2015, and the number between age 30 and 45 will total 72 million by 2025, 13% higher than in 2015.CompetitionThe Company believes that the principal competitive factors in the RV industry are breadth and depth of product selection, value pricing, convenient dealership locations, technical services and customer service and experience. The Company competes directly and/or indirectly with RV dealers, RV service providers, RV rental operators, and RV parts and accessories retailers. One of the Companys direct competitors, Camping World Holdings, Inc., is a publicly listed company that is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Additional competitors may enter the businesses in which the Company currently operates.Lazydays RV DealershipsAs of December 31, 2017, the Company operated five Lazydays dealership locations across three states. The Companys dealership locations are strategically located in key RV markets. Based on information collected by the Company from reports prepared by Statistical Surveys, these key RV markets (Florida, Colorado and Arizona) account for a significant portion of new RV units sold on an annual basis in the U.S. The Companys dealerships in these key markets attract customers from all states, except Hawaii. Generally, the Companys dealership locations provide RV repair and installation services, collision repair, parts, and accessories for RVs and RV enthusiasts, RV rentals and all the Companys locations sell new and used RVs. The Company believes its dealership strategy of offering a comprehensive range of RV parts, services, accessories, products, rentals and new and used RVs, generates powerful cross-selling opportunities.Dealership Design and LayoutThe Companys dealership locations range in size from approximately 14,000 to 384,000 square feet and are situated on 6 to 126 acres. The Companys dealership locations feature service centers staffed with expert, in-house trained product specialists and are equipped with merchandise demonstrations to assist in educating customers about RV performance products. The Companys dealership locations also provide opportunities to promote a more interactive and consultative selling environment. The Lazydays staff is trained to cross-sell and explain the benefits of the Companys breadth of services, protection plans and products to which the Companys customers have become accustomed, such as extended service contracts, emergency roadside assistance products, club memberships, discount camping and travel assistance.The Company regularly refreshes its dealership locations to enhance the customers shopping experience and maximize product and service offerings. New products and services are introduced to capitalize on the advances of the RV industry and to satisfy needs of the Companys customers. Store dress, promotional signage and directional signage are also periodically refreshed to further enhance the Lazydays customer shopping experience at Lazydays dealership locations.88Expansion Opportunities and Site SelectionThe Companys disciplined expansion and acquisition strategy focuses on growing its geographic footprint and customer base. The Company believes it has developed a rigorous and flexible process that employs exclusive data and analytical tools to identify target markets for new store openings and acquisitions. The Company selects sites for new locations or evaluates acquisition opportunities based on criteria such as local demographics, traffic patterns, proximity to RV parks and campgrounds, proximity to major interstates, analytics from the Companys customer database, RV sales and registrations, product availability and availability of attractive acquisition and/or lease terms. Members of the Lazydays development team spend considerable time evaluating markets and prospective sites.Dealership Management and TrainingThe Companys Vice President, National General Manager oversees all dealership operations. The Companys Vice President, National General Manager has over 37 years of experience in the RV industry and has been employed by Lazydays for over 4 years.Each dealership location employs a General Manager or a General Sales Manager (in either case, the GM) that has responsibility for the daily operations of the dealership location. Areas of responsibility include inventory management, hiring, associate training and development, maintenance of the facilities, customer service and customer satisfaction. A GMs management team includes a sales manager, a parts and accessories manager, a service manager, and a finance and insurance manager to help oversee the operations of each dealership location department. A typical Lazydays dealership location employs approximately 20 to 80 full-time equivalent employees.The Company employs a Vice President, Operations and Supply Chain and a centralized inventory management team to oversee the Companys RV inventory and provide consistency and controls in the forecasting, ordering, purchasing and distribution of RV inventory.The Company employs a Vice President, General Manager-RV Accessories and Rentals and a centralized RV accessories and rentals management team to oversee the Companys RV accessories retail store operations, the Companys rental operations and all incoming customer inquiries to provide consistency in how the Company sets up and operates its RV accessory and rental operations at each dealership. This allows the Company to provide a consistent customer service experience at all Lazydays dealerships.The Company is constantly seeking to add top talent by partnering with local school districts, trade schools, military bases and community organizations. The interview process identifies current and future candidates, hiring talented people that are customer focused. The Company identifies hard to fill positions and has taken a proactive approach to creating viable candidates with its Tech U and Sales U programs. Through its Tech U and Sales U programs, the Company enrolls students with technical aptitude and provides them training to successfully complete industry certification courses and prepare them for a career as an RV technician or a successful sales partner.Once hired, the Company continues to provide extensive training programs and opportunities for its employees, including, among others, new-hire training and orientations, institutionalized monthly e-learning and training modules, and certification programs for the Companys RV technicians.Product Sourcing and DistributionSourcingNew and Used RVsThe Company generally acquires new RVs for retail sale directly from the applicable manufacturer. Lazydays has strategic contractual arrangements with many of the leading RV manufacturers. Lazydays maintains a central inventory management and purchasing group to manage and maintain adequate inventory levels and mix. RVs are transported directly from a manufacturers facility to Lazydays dealership locations via a third-party transportation company.Lazydays strategy is to partner with financially sound manufacturers that make quality products, have adequate manufacturing capacity and distribution, and maintain an appropriate product mix.99Lazydays supply arrangements with OEMs are typically governed by dealer agreements, which are customary in the RV industry. The Companys dealer agreements with OEMs are generally made on a location-by-location basis. The terms of these dealer agreements are typically subject to Lazydays, among other things, meeting all the requirements and conditions of the dealer agreement, maintaining certain sales objectives, performing services and repairs for owners of the manufacturers RVs that are still under manufacturer warranty, carrying the manufacturers parts and accessories needed to service and repair the manufacturers RVs in stock at all times, actively advertising and promoting the manufacturers RVs and indemnifying the manufacturer under certain circumstances. Lazydays dealer agreements generally designate a specific geographic territory, exclusive to Lazydays, provided that Lazydays meets the material obligations of the dealer agreement. Wholesale pricing is generally established on a model year basis and is subject to change in the manufacturers sole discretion. In certain cases, the manufacturer may also establish a suggested retail price, below which the Company cannot advertise that manufacturers RVs.Lazydays generally acquires used RVs from customers, primarily through trade-ins, as well as through private sales, auctions, the Companys rental inventory and other sources, and the Company generally reconditions used RVs acquired for retail sale in its parts and service departments. Used RVs that Lazydays does not sell at Lazydays dealership locations generally are sold at wholesale prices through auctions.Lazydays finances the purchase of substantially all the Companys new RV inventory from OEMs through the Floor Plan Facility. Used vehicles may also be financed from time to time through the Floor Plan Facility. For more information on the Floor Plan Facility, see Description of Certain Indebtedness  Floor Plan Facility below.Parts and AccessoriesThe purchasing activities for the Companys parts and accessories departments are focused on RV maintenance products, outdoor lifestyle products, RV parts and accessories, such as, among others, generators and electrical, satellite receivers and GPS systems, towing and hitching products and RV appliances, essential supplies and other products and services necessary or desirable for the RV lifestyle. The Company maintains central purchasing functions to manage inventory, product-planning, allocate merchandise to the Companys dealership locations and oversee the replenishment of basic merchandise. The Company has no long-term purchase commitments. The Company leverages its scale to reduce costs related to purchasing certain equipment, supplies, and services through long-standing, continuous relationships with its largest vendors.Marketing and AdvertisingThe Company markets its product offerings through integrated marketing campaigns across all digital and traditional marketing disciplines, with an emphasis on digital. The Companys marketing efforts include its website, paid and organic search efforts, email, social media, online blog and video content, TV, radio, billboards, direct mail, telemarketing, retail point of sale, promotional events, RV shows and rallies, advertisements in national and regional industry publications, vendor co-op advertising programs and personal solicitations and referrals. Lazydays also has numerous exclusive sponsorship and partnership relationships with various RV lifestyle properties and events, including college sports teams, National Football League teams, music festivals, RV campsites across the country, motorsports events, and others. The Company currently has a segmented marketing database of over 1.2 million RV owners and prospects. Lazydays principal marketing strategy is to capitalize on its broad name recognition, unique brand positioning, extensive product selection, differentiated value proposition and exclusive benefits, and high quality customer experience among RV owners. As per a research report prepared by Russell Research in November / December 2017, over 70% of Lazydays customers and over 60% of prospective customers surveyed strongly agree that Lazydays provides a high quality customer experience.The Company uses data-driven marketing methods and review results by marketing discipline and campaign, by geographic market and by business on an ongoing basis to enhance and update the Companys efforts to optimize its marketing effectiveness and productivity.The Company currently operates an extensive responsive RV lifestyle-related website that provides an exceptional user experience on all types of digital devices. The Companys total website traffic the last 12 months through February 28, 2018 was approximately 9.3 million with approximately 5.1 million unique visitors. The Lazydays website features over 2500 new and preowned RVs, as well as information regarding Lazydays RV service capabilities, RV rentals, parts and accessories, Lazydays RV resort, and RV seminars and classes schedule. The Lazydays website also includes The RV AuthorityTM blog, video content, RV trip planning and other RV lifestyle associated content. The Lazydays website and many other digital marketing efforts provide RV owners and enthusiasts with the most expansive access to RV related content in the industry.1010Customer ServiceLazydays strives to exceed expectations by providing the best overall customer experience throughout every interaction with the Company. The Company believes customer service and access to a live person is a critical component of Lazydays digital marketing, sales, service and rental operations, and to achieving a best-in-class customer experience. The Companys sales and customer service centers are multi-channel, full-service contact centers. RV enthusiasts can visit Lazydays locations, call, email, internet chat, text and use social media to contact Lazydays regarding products, services, protection plans, rentals, concerns and anything else related to the RV lifestyle. RV enthusiasts can also speak with Lazydays customer service specialists for help with aftermarket accessory orders, install scheduling and to receive answers to questions and to make purchases for any product and install services offered through the Lazydays website.Lazydays contact center specialists are extensively trained to assist customers with complex orders and provide a level of service that leads to long-term customer relationships. In addition, Lazydays quality assurance team monitors contacts daily and provides the leadership team with tools to maintain sales and service standards. With low turnover, the Company retains employees longer than the industry average, which the Company believes allows its callers to be assisted by experienced contact center agents who are familiar with the RV lifestyle and Lazydays services, protection plans and products.Management Information SystemsThe Company utilizes multiple computer systems to support its operations, including a third-party dealer management system, point-of-sale registers (POS), enterprise resource planning system, supply chain management tools, CRM, robust rental reservation system, marketing database and other business intelligence tools. In addition, the Company utilizes proprietary systems and data warehouses to provide analytical views of its data.To support the applications, the Company has multiple data centers and cloud services with advanced servers, storage and networking capabilities, giving the Company the ability to scale quickly to meet demand. The Company has a secure wide area network that facilitates communication within and between its offices and provides both voice and data services. The Companys business critical systems are replicated in real time and all systems are protected with on and off-site backups.A database containing all customer activity across the Companys various businesses and programs has been integrated into its website and contact centers. Comprehensive information on each customer, including a profile of the purchasing activities, is made available to drive future sales. The Company utilizes information technology and analytics to actively market and sell multiple products and services to its customers, including list segmentation and merge and purge programs, to select prospects for email and direct mail solicitations and other direct marketing efforts.The Companys management information systems and electronic data processing systems consist of an extensive range of retail, financial and merchandising systems, including purchasing, inventory distribution and logistics, sales reporting, accounts payable and merchandise management. The Companys POS and dealer management systems report comprehensive data in near real time to the Companys data warehouses, including detailed sales volume, inventory information by product, merchandise transfers and receipts, special orders, supply orders and returns of product purchases to vendors. The Company can capture associated sales and reference to specific promotional campaigns. Lazydays management monitors the performance of each dealership location to evaluate inventory levels, determine markdowns and analyze gross profit margins by product.Trademarks and Other Intellectual PropertyThe Company owns a variety of registered trademarks and service marks related to its brands and its services, protection plans, products and resources, including Lazydays, Lazydays The RV AuthorityTM, Lazydays RV Accessories & More, Crown Club, and Exit 10, among others. The Company also owns numerous domain names, including Lazdays.com, LazydaysRVSale.com, LazydaysEvents.com, LazydaysService.com, RVPlace.com, and RVListings.com, among many others. The Company believes that its trademarks and other intellectual property have significant value and are important to its marketing efforts. The Company is not aware of any material pending claims of infringement or other challenges to the Companys right to use its intellectual property in the United States or elsewhere.1111Government RegulationThe Companys operations are subject to varying degrees of federal, state and local regulation, including the Companys RV sales, vehicle financing, outbound telemarketing, email, direct mail, roadside assistance programs, extended vehicle service contracts and insurance activities. These laws and regulations include consumer protection laws, so-called lemon laws, privacy laws, escheatment laws, anti-money laundering laws and other extensive laws and regulations applicable to new and used vehicle dealers, as well as a variety of other laws and regulations. These laws also include federal and state wage and hour, anti-discrimination and other employment practices laws. Furthermore, new laws and regulations, particularly at the federal level, may be enacted that could also affect the Companys business.Motor Vehicle Laws and RegulationsThe Companys operations are subject to the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act, Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards promulgated by the United States Department of Transportation and the rules and regulations of various state motor vehicle regulatory agencies. The Company is also subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations relating to the sale, transportation and marketing of motor vehicles. Federal, state and local laws and regulations also impose upon vehicle operators various restrictions on the weight, length and width of motor vehicles that may be operated in certain jurisdictions or on certain roadways. Certain jurisdictions also prohibit the sale of vehicles exceeding length restrictions. Federal and state authorities also have various environmental control standards relating to air, water, noise pollution and hazardous waste generation and disposal.The Companys financing activities with customers are subject to federal truth-in-lending, consumer leasing and equal credit opportunity laws and regulations as well as state and local motor vehicle finance laws, leasing laws, installment finance laws, usury laws and other installment sales and leasing laws and regulations, some of which regulate finance and other fees and charges that may be imposed or received in connection with motor vehicle retail installment sales. Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law may be asserted against the Company or its dealership locations by individuals, a class of individuals, or governmental entities and may expose the Company to significant damages or other penalties, including revocation or suspension of the Companys licenses to conduct dealership operations and fines.The Dodd-Frank Act, which was signed into law on July 21, 2010, established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), an independent federal agency funded by the United States Federal Reserve with broad regulatory powers and limited oversight from the United States Congress. Although automotive dealers are generally excluded, the Dodd-Frank Act could lead to additional, indirect regulation of automotive dealers, in particular, their sale and marketing of finance and insurance products, through its regulation of automotive finance companies and other financial institutions. In March 2013, the CFPB issued supervisory guidance highlighting its concern that the practice of automotive dealers being compensated for arranging customer financing through discretionary markup of wholesale rates offered by financial institutions (dealer markup) results in a significant risk of pricing disparity in violation of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA). The CFPB recommended that financial institutions under its jurisdiction take steps to address compliance with the ECOA, which may include imposing controls on dealer markup, monitoring and addressing the effects of dealer markup policies, and eliminating dealer discretion to markup buy rates.Insurance Laws and RegulationsAs a marketer of insurance programs, the Company is subject to state rules and regulations governing the business of insurance including, without limitation, laws governing the administration, underwriting, marketing, solicitation and/or sale of insurance programs. The insurance carriers that underwrite the programs that the Company sells are required to file their rates for approval by state regulators. Additionally, certain state laws and regulations govern the form and content of certain disclosures that must be made in connection with the sale, advertising or offering of any insurance program to a consumer. The Company is required to maintain certain licenses to market insurance programs.Marketing Laws and RegulationsThe Federal Trade Commission (the FTC) and each of the states have enacted consumer protection statutes designed to ensure that consumers are protected from unfair and deceptive marketing practices. Lazydays reviews all of its marketing materials for compliance with applicable FTC regulations and state marketing laws.1212Environmental, Health and Safety Laws and RegulationsThe Companys operations involve the use, handling, storage and contracting for recycling and/or disposal of materials such as motor oil and filters, transmission fluids, antifreeze, refrigerants, paints, thinners, batteries, cleaning products, lubricants, degreasing agents, tires and propane. Consequently, the Companys business is subject to a variety of federal, state and local requirements that regulate the environment and public health and safety.Most of the Lazydays dealership locations utilize aboveground storage tanks, and to a lesser extent underground storage tanks, primarily for petroleum-based products. Storage tanks are subject to periodic testing, containment, upgrading and removal requirements under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and its state law counterparts. Clean-up or other remedial action may be necessary in the event of leaks or other discharges from storage tanks or other sources. In addition, water quality protection programs under the federal Water Pollution Control Act (commonly known as the Clean Water Act), the Safe Drinking Water Act and comparable state and local programs govern certain discharges from some of the Companys operations. Similarly, air emissions from the Companys operations, such as RV painting, are subject to the federal Clean Air Act and related state and local laws. Certain health and safety standards promulgated by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration of the United States Department of Labor and related state agencies also apply to certain of the Companys operations.Although the Company incurs costs to comply with applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the ordinary course of its business, the Company does not presently anticipate that these costs will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company does not have any material known environmental commitments or contingencies.InsuranceThe Company utilizes insurance to provide for the potential liabilities for workers compensation, product liability, general liability, business interruption, property liability, director and officers liability, cyber, environmental issues, vehicle liability and employee health-care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other assumptions. The Companys results could be adversely affected by claims and other expenses related to such plans and policies if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends.EmployeesAs of December 31, 2017, Lazydays had approximately 775 full-time employees. None of the Lazydays employees are represented by a labor union or are party to a collective bargaining agreement, and Lazydays has not had any labor-related work stoppages. The Company believes that its employee relations are in good standing.PropertiesAlthough the Company owns the property in its Arizona location, the Company typically leases all the real estate properties where it has operations. The Companys real property leases generally provide for fixed monthly rents with annual escalation clauses and multiple renewal terms of 5 or 20 years each. The leases are typically triple net requiring the Company to pay real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs.The table below sets forth certain information concerning the Companys leased dealership locations.Location Acres Square Feet Term (years) Initial Expiration FL 126 384,000 20 2035 CO 28 129,300 5 2020 CO 11 14,150 5 2020 CO 6 18,699 5 2020AcresSquare FeetTerm (years)(years)(years)Initial ExpirationFL 126 384,000 20 2035126384,000202035CO 28 129,300 5 202028129,30052020CO 11 14,150 5 20201114,15052020CO 6 18,699 5 2020618,69952020Legal ProceedingsThe Company is engaged in various legal actions, claims and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, including claims related to employment related matters, breach of contracts, products liability and consumer protection. The Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these pending claims will have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition or results of operations. However, litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome of certain individual litigated matters may not be reasonably predictable and any related damages may not be estimable. Some litigation matters could result in an adverse outcome to the Company, and any such adverse outcome could potentially have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.1313SeasonalityThe Company has experienced, and expects to continue to experience, variability in revenues and net income as a result of annual seasonality in the Companys business. Because RVs are used primarily by vacationers and campers, demand for services, third-party protection plans, products and resources generally decline in the north during the winter season and decline in the south during the summer season. Sales and profits are generally highest during the winter months because the Companys largest dealerships are in the south although sales and profits are becoming more consistent throughout the year as the Company expands geographically. For further discussion, see Lazydays Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Seasonality below.Risk FactorsThis Report on Form 8-K (Form 8-K) and the risk factor below contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as future, anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, will, would, could, can, may, and similar terms. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance and the Companys actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements.Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Companys fiscal years ended December 31st and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years.An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this Form 8-K, before deciding to invest in our securities. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our securities could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment.Risks Related to Lazydays BusinessThe Companys business is affected by the availability of financing to it and its customers.The Companys business is affected by the availability of financing to it and its customers. Generally, RV dealers, including the Company, finance their purchases of inventory with financing provided by lending institutions. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has up to $140.0 million in committed financing under a floor plan financing facility (the Floor Plan Facility). As of December 31, 2017, the Company had $105.2 million floor plan notes payable outstanding with $34.8 million of additional borrowing capacity under the Floor Plan Facility. As of December 31, 2017, substantially all of the invoice cost of new RV inventory and 15% of book value of used RV inventory was financed under the Floor Plan Facility. On March 15, 2018, the Company entered into a new floor plan facility with a new bank which increased the committed financing to $175 million. A decrease in the availability of this type of wholesale financing or an increase in the cost of such wholesale financing could prevent the Company from carrying adequate levels of inventory, which may limit product offerings and could lead to reduced sales and revenues.Furthermore, many of the Companys customers finance their RV purchases. Although consumer credit markets have improved, consumer credit market conditions continue to influence demand, especially for RVs, and may continue to do so. There continue to be fewer lenders, more stringent underwriting and loan approval criteria, and greater down payment requirements than in the past. If credit conditions or the credit worthiness of the Companys customers worsen, and adversely affect the ability of consumers to finance potential purchases at acceptable terms and interest rates, it could result in a decrease in the sales of the Companys products and have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.1414Fuel shortages, or high prices for fuel, could have a negative effect on the Companys business.Gasoline or diesel fuel is required for the operation of RVs. There can be no assurance that the supply of these petroleum products will continue uninterrupted, that rationing will not be imposed or that the price of or tax on these petroleum products will not significantly increase in the future. Shortages of gasoline and diesel fuel have had a material adverse effect on the RV industry as a whole in the past and any such shortages or substantial increases in the price of fuel could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition or results of operations.The Companys success will depend to a significant extent on the well-being, as well as the continued popularity and reputation for quality, of the Companys manufacturers, particularly Thor Industries, Inc., Tiffin Motorhomes, Winnebago Industries, Inc., and Forest River, Inc..Thor Industries, Inc., Tiffin Motorhomes, Winnebago Industries, Inc., and Forest River, Inc. supplied approximately 29%, 27%, 21%, and 15%, respectively, of the Companys new RV inventory as of December 31, 2017. The Company depends on its manufacturers to provide it with products that compare favorably with competing products in terms of quality, performance, safety and advanced features. Any adverse change in the production efficiency, product development efforts, technological advancement, marketplace acceptance, reputation, marketing capabilities or financial condition of the Companys manufacturers could have a substantial adverse impact on the Companys business. Any difficulties encountered by any of the Companys manufacturers resulting from economic, financial, or other factors could adversely affect the quality and amount of products that they are able to supply to the Company and the services and support they provide to the Company.The interruption or discontinuance of the operations of the Companys manufacturers could cause the Company to experience shortfalls, disruptions, or delays with respect to needed inventory. Although the Company believes that adequate alternate sources would be available that could replace any manufacturer as a product source, those alternate sources may not be available at the time of any interruption, and alternative products may not be available at comparable quality and prices.Any change, non-renewal, unfavorable renegotiation or termination of the Companys supply arrangements for any reason could have a material adverse effect on product availability and cost and the Companys financial performance.The Companys supply arrangements with manufacturers are typically governed by dealer agreements, which are customary in the RV industry. The Companys dealer agreements with manufacturers are generally made on a location-by-location basis, and each retail location typically enters into multiple dealer agreements with multiple manufacturers. The terms of the Companys dealer agreements are typically subject to: the Company meeting all the requirements and conditions of the manufacturers applicable programs; the Company meeting certain retail sales objectives; the Company performing services and repairs for all owners of the manufacturers RVs (regardless from whom the RV was purchased) that are still under warranty and the Company carrying the manufacturers parts and accessories needed to service and repair the manufacturers RVs in stock at all times; the Company actively advertising and promoting the manufacturers RVs; and the Company indemnifying the manufacturer under certain circumstances.The Companys dealer agreements designate a specific geographical territory for the Company, exclusive to the Company, provided that the Company is able to meet the material obligations of the applicable dealer agreement.In addition, many of the Companys dealer agreements contain contractual provisions concerning minimum advertised product pricing for current model year units. Wholesale pricing is generally established on a model year basis and is subject to change in the manufacturers sole discretion. In certain cases, the manufacturer may also establish a suggested retail price, below which the Company cannot advertise that manufacturers RVs. Any change, non-renewal, unfavorable renegotiation or termination of these dealer agreements for any reason could have a material adverse effect on product availability and cost and the Companys financial performance.1515The Companys business is impacted by general economic conditions in its markets, and ongoing economic and financial uncertainties may cause a decline in consumer spending that may adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations.The Company depends on consumer discretionary spending and, accordingly, the Company may be adversely affected if its customers reduce, delay or forego their purchases of the Companys services, protection plans and products as a result of: job losses; bankruptcies; higher consumer debt and interest rates; reduced access to credit; higher energy and fuel costs; relative or perceived cost, availability and comfort of RV use versus other modes of travel, such as air travel and rail; falling home prices; lower consumer confidence; uncertainty or changes in tax policies and tax rates; or uncertainty due to national or international security concerns.Decreases in the number of customers, average spend per customer or retention and renewal rates for the Companys consumer services and plans would negatively affect the Companys financial performance. A prolonged period of depressed consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business. In addition, adverse economic conditions may result in an increase in the Companys operating expenses due to, among other things, higher costs of labor, energy, equipment and facilities. Due to recent fluctuations in the U.S. economy, the Companys sales, operating and financial results for a particular period are difficult to predict, making it difficult to forecast results for future periods. Additionally, the Company is subject to economic fluctuations in local markets that may not reflect the general economic conditions of the broader U.S. economy. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Company depends on its ability to attract and retain customers.The Companys future success depends in large part upon the Companys ability to attract and retain customers for its services, protection plans, products and resources. The extent to which the Company achieves growth in its customer base materially influences the Companys profitability. Any number of factors could affect the Companys ability to grow its customer base. These factors include consumer preferences and general economic conditions, the Companys ability to maintain its retail locations, weather conditions, the availability of alternative products, significant increases in gasoline prices, the disposable income of consumers available for discretionary expenditures and the external perception of the Companys brands. Any significant decline in the Companys customer base, the rate of growth of its customer base or customer demand could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.1616Competition in the market for services, protection plans and products targeting the RV lifestyle or RV enthusiast could reduce the Companys revenues and profitability.The market for services, protection plans and products targeting the RV lifestyle or RV enthusiast is highly fragmented and competitive. Competition in the RV market is driven by price, product and service features, technology, performance, reliability, quality, availability, variety, delivery and customer service. In addition to competing with other dealers of new and used RVs, the Company competes directly or indirectly with major national insurance and warranty companies, providers of roadside assistance and providers of extended service contracts.Additional competitors may enter the businesses in which the Company currently operates. If any of the Companys competitors successfully provides a broader, more efficient or attractive combination of services, protection plans and products to the Companys target customers, the Companys business results could be materially adversely affected. The Companys inability to compete effectively with existing or potential competitors could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.Some of the Companys existing competitors have, and some of the Companys future competitors may have, greater financial, personnel, and other resources, more well-established brands or reputations and broader customer bases than the Company and, as a result, these competitors may be in a stronger position to respond quickly to potential acquisitions and other market opportunities and changes in customer preferences. Some of these competitors may have customer bases that are more geographically balanced than the Companys and, therefore, may be less affected by an economic downturn in a particular region or market. Competitors with greater resources also may be able to offer lower prices, additional products or services or other incentives that the Company cannot match or does not offer. Industry consolidations may also create competitors with broader and more geographic coverage.The Companys expansion into new, unfamiliar markets presents increased risks that may prevent it from being profitable in these new markets. Delays in opening or acquiring new retail locations could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Company intends to expand in part by building or acquiring new retail locations in new markets. As a result, the Company may have less familiarity with local consumer preferences and could encounter difficulties in attracting customers due to a reduced level of consumer familiarity with the Companys brands. Other factors that may impact the Companys ability to open or acquire new retail locations in new markets and operate them profitably, many of which are beyond the Companys control, include: the Companys ability to identify suitable acquisition opportunities or new locations, including the Companys ability to gather and assess demographic and marketing data to determine consumer demand for the Companys products in the locations the Company selects; the Companys ability to negotiate favorable lease agreements; the Companys ability to secure product lines; the availability of construction materials and labor for new retail locations and the occurrence of significant construction delays or cost overruns; the Companys ability to accurately assess the profitability of potential acquisitions or new locations;the Companys ability to secure required governmental permits and approvals; the Companys ability to hire and train skilled operating personnel, especially management personnel; the Companys ability to provide a satisfactory product mix that is responsive to the needs of its customers living in the geographic areas where new retail locations are built or acquired; the Companys ability to supply new retail locations with inventory in a timely manner; the Companys competitors building or leasing retail locations near the Companys retail locations or in locations the Company has identified as targets; regional economic and other factors in the geographic areas in which the Company expands; and general economic and business conditions affecting consumer confidence and spending and the overall strength of the Companys business.1717Once the Company decides on a new market and identifies a suitable location or acquisition opportunity, any delays in opening or acquiring or developing new retail locations could impact the Companys financial results. It is possible that events, such as delays in the entitlements process or construction delays caused by permitting or licensing issues, material shortages, labor issues, weather delays or other acts of god, discovery of contaminants, accidents, deaths or injuries could delay planned openings or force the Company to abandon planned openings altogether.As the Company grows, the Company will face the risk that its existing resources and systems, including management resources, accounting and finance personnel and operating systems, may be inadequate to support its growth. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to retain the personnel or make the changes in its systems that may be required to support its growth. Failure to secure these resources and implement these systems on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on the Companys results of operations. In addition, hiring additional personnel and implementing changes and enhancements to the Companys systems will require capital expenditures and other increased costs that could also have a material adverse impact on the Companys results of operations.The Companys expansion into new markets may also create new challenges including an increase in information to be processed by the Companys information management systems and diversion of management attention from existing operations. To the extent that the Company is not able to meet these additional challenges, the Companys sales could decrease and the Companys operating expenses could increase, which could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.Finally, the size, timing, and integration of any future new retail location openings or acquisitions may cause substantial fluctuations in the Companys results of operations from quarter to quarter. Consequently, the Companys results of operations for any quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for any subsequent quarter or for a full fiscal year. These fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.As a result of the above factors, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to operate retail locations in new markets on a profitable basis. The failure to operate retail locations in new markets on a profitable basis could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.Unforeseen expenses, difficulties, and delays encountered in connection with expansion through acquisitions could inhibit the Companys growth and negatively impact its profitability.The Companys success will depend, in part, on the ability of the Company to make successful acquisitions and to integrate the operations of acquired retail locations, including centralizing certain functions to achieve cost savings and pursuing programs and processes that promote cooperation and the sharing of opportunities and resources among the Companys retail locations and consumer services and plans. Unforeseen expenses, difficulties and delays encountered in connection with rapid expansion through acquisitions could inhibit the Companys growth, which could have a negative impact on the Companys profitability.Additionally, the Company may be unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate acquisitions. Increased competition for acquisition candidates or increased asking prices by acquisition candidates may increase purchase prices for acquisitions to levels beyond the Companys financial capability or to levels that would be unlikely to provide the returns required by the Companys acquisition criteria. Acquisitions also may become more difficult or less attractive in the future as the Company continues to acquire the most attractive dealers. In addition, the Company may encounter difficulties in integrating the operations of acquired dealers with its own operations or managing acquired dealers and stores profitably without substantial costs, delays, or other operational or financial problems.1818The Companys ability to continue to grow through the acquisition of additional retail locations will depend upon various factors, including the following: the availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive purchase prices; the ability to compete effectively for available acquisition opportunities; the availability of cash on hand, borrowed funds or Holdco Shares with a sufficient market price to finance acquisitions; the ability to obtain any requisite third party or governmental approvals; and the absence of one or more third parties attempting to impose unsatisfactory restrictions on the Company in connection with their approval of acquisitions.As a part of the Companys acquisition strategy, the Company has engaged and will continue to engage in acquisition discussions with various dealerships. In connection with these acquisition discussions, the Company and each potential acquisition candidate exchange confidential operational and financial information, conduct due diligence inquiries, and consider the structure, terms, and conditions of the potential acquisition. Potential acquisition discussions may take place over a long period of time and involve difficult business integration and other issues, including in some cases, management succession, employee transitions and related matters. As a result of these and other factors, potential acquisitions that may from time to time appear likely to occur may not be consummated. In addition, the Company may have disagreements with potential acquisition targets, which could lead to litigation. Any of these factors or outcomes could result in a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.Failure to maintain the strength and value of the Companys brands could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Companys success depends on the value and strength of the Lazydays brands. The Lazydays name and Lazydays brands are integral to the Companys business as well as to the implementation of the Companys strategies for expanding its business. Maintaining, enhancing, promoting and positioning the Companys brands, particularly in new markets where the Company has limited brand recognition, will depend largely on the success of the Companys marketing efforts and its ability to provide high quality services, protection plans, products and resources and a consistent, high quality customer experience. The Companys brands could be adversely affected if the Company fails to achieve these objectives, if the Company fails to comply with local laws and regulations, if the Company is subject to publicized litigation or if the Companys public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity. Some of these risks are not within the Companys control, such as the effects of negative publicity regarding the Companys manufacturers, suppliers or third party providers of services or negative publicity related to members of management. Any of these events could result in decreases in revenues. Further, maintaining, enhancing, promoting and positioning the Companys brand image may require the Company to make substantial investments in areas such as marketing, store operations, community relations, store graphics and employee training, which could adversely affect the Companys cash flow. Furthermore, efforts to maintain, enhance or promote the Companys brand image may ultimately be unsuccessful. These factors could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Companys failure to successfully order and manage its inventory to reflect consumer demand in a volatile market and anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Companys success depends upon the Companys ability to successfully manage the Companys inventory and to anticipate and respond to product trends consumer demands in a timely manner. The Companys products appeal to consumers who are, or could become, RV owners. The preferences of these consumers cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to change. Further, the retail consumer industry, by its nature, is volatile and sensitive to numerous economic factors, including consumer preferences, competition, market conditions, general economic conditions and other factors outside of the Companys control. The Company typically orders products well in advance of the following selling season. The extended lead times for many of the Companys purchases may make it difficult for the Company to respond rapidly to new or changing product trends, increases or decreases in consumer demand or changes in prices. If the Company misjudges either the market for the Companys products or its consumers purchasing habits in the future, the Companys revenues may decline significantly and the Company may not have sufficient inventory to satisfy consumer demand or sales orders or the Company may be required to discount excess inventory, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.1919The Companys same store sales may fluctuate and may not be a meaningful indicator of future performance.The Companys same store sales may vary from quarter to quarter. A number of factors affect and will continue to affect the Companys same store sales results, including: changes or anticipated changes to regulations related to the products the Company offers; consumer preferences and buying trends; overall economic trends; the Companys ability to identify and respond effectively to local and regional trends and customer preferences; the Companys ability to provide quality customer service that will increase its conversion of shoppers into paying customers; competition in the regional market of a store; atypical weather patterns; changes in the Companys product mix; changes to local or regional regulations affecting the Companys stores; changes in sales of consumer services and plans and retention and renewal rates for the Companys annually renewing consumer services and plans; and changes in pricing and average unit sales.An unanticipated decline in revenues or same store sales could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The cyclical nature of the Companys business has caused its sales and results of operations to fluctuate. These fluctuations may continue in the future, which could result in operating losses during downturns.The RV industry is cyclical and is influenced by many national and regional economic and demographic factors, including: terms and availability of financing for retailers and consumers; overall consumer confidence and the level of discretionary consumer spending; population and employment trends; income levels; and general economic conditions, including inflation, deflation and recessions.As a result of the foregoing factors, the Companys sales and results of operations have fluctuated, and the Company expects that they will continue to fluctuate in the future.The Companys business is seasonal and this leads to fluctuations in sales and revenues.The Company has experienced, and expects to continue to experience, variability in revenue, net income and cash flows as a result of annual seasonality in its business. Because the Companys largest dealership is located in the southern United States, demand for services, protection plans, products and resources generally increases during the winter season when people move south for the winter or vacation in warmer climates, while sales and profits are generally lower during the summer months. In addition, unusually severe weather conditions in some geographic areas may impact demand.2020For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company generated 54% and 56% of its annual revenue in the first and second fiscal quarters, respectively, which include the winter months. The Company incurs additional expenses in the first and second fiscal quarters due to higher purchase volumes, increased staffing in the Companys retail locations and program costs. If, for any reason, the Company miscalculates the demand for its products or its product mix during the first and second fiscal quarters, the Companys sales in these quarters could decline, resulting in higher labor costs as a percentage of sales, lower margins and excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.Due to the Companys seasonality, the possible adverse impact from other risks associated with its business, including atypical weather, consumer spending levels and general business conditions, is potentially greater if any such risks occur during the Companys peak sales seasons.The Companys business may be adversely affected by unfavorable conditions in its local markets, even if those conditions are not prominent nationally.The Companys performance is subject to local economic, competitive, weather and other conditions prevailing in geographic areas where it operates. Since a large portion of the Companys sales are generated in Florida, the Companys results of operations depend substantially on general economic conditions and consumer spending habits in the Southeastern United States. In the event that this geographic area experiences a downturn in economic conditions, it could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company may not be able to expand geographically and any geographic expansion may not adequately insulate the Company from the adverse effects of local or regional economic conditions.The Company may not be able to satisfy its debt obligations upon the occurrence of a change in control under its Credit Facility.A Change in Control, is an event of default under the Senior Facility. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, M&T will have the right to declare all outstanding obligations under the Credit Facility, immediately due and payable and to terminate the availability of future advances to the Company. There can be no assurance that the Companys lenders will agree to an amendment of the Credit Facility or a waiver of any such event of default. There can be no assurance that the Company will have sufficient resources available to satisfy all of its obligations under the Credit Facility if no waiver or amendment is obtained. In the event the Company was unable to satisfy these obligations, it could have a material adverse impact on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Companys ability to operate and expand its business and to respond to changing business and economic conditions will depend on the availability of adequate capital.As of December 31, 2017, the Company had an existing credit agreement that included a $13.0 million term loan (the Term Loan Facility) and $7.0 million of commitments for revolving loans (the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, as amended, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities). Additionally, the Company also has up to $140.0 million in committed financing under the Floor Plan Facility. As of December 31, 2017, the Company had $9.1 million of term loans outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, net of $0.1 million of unamortized original issue discount, $0.0 million of revolving borrowings outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and $105.0 million in floor plan notes payable outstanding under the Floor Plan Facility, net of $0.2 million of unamortized original issue discount, with $7.0 million of additional borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility and $34.8 million of additional borrowing capacity under the Floor Plan Facility. On March 15, 2018, the Company entered into a $200.0 million facility with M&T Bank, which includes a $175.0 million floor plan facility, a $20.0 million term loan and a $5.0 million line of credit.2121The operation of the Companys business, the rate of the Companys expansion and the Companys ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions depend on the availability of adequate capital, which in turn depends on cash flow generated by the Companys business and, if necessary, the availability of equity or debt capital. The Company also requires sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations under its existing debt agreements. The Term Loan Facility requires the Company to make monthly principal payments of the outstanding principal amount thereof and $1.9 million and $1.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Additionally, the Company paid total cash interest on its Senior Secured Credit Facilities of $0.6 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and the Company paid total floor plan interest expense on its Floor Plan Facility of $3.7 million and $2.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. See Lazydays Managements Discussion and Analysis and Results of Operations  Liquidity and Capital Resources below.The Company is dependent to a significant extent on its ability to finance its new and certain of its used RV inventory under the Floor Plan Facility. Floor plan financing arrangements allow the Company to borrow money to purchase new RVs from the manufacturer or used RVs on trade-in or at auction and pay off the loan when the Company sells the financed RV. The Company may need to increase the capacity of its existing Floor Plan Facility in connection with its acquisition of dealerships and overall growth. In the event that the Company is unable to obtain such incremental financing, the Companys ability to complete acquisitions could be limited.The Company cannot assure you that its cash flow from operations or cash available under its Revolving Credit Facility or its Floor Plan Facility will be sufficient to meet its needs. If the Company is unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future, and if availability under its Revolving Credit Facility or its Floor Plan Facility is not sufficient, the Company may have to obtain additional financing. If the Company obtains additional capital through the issuance of equity of Holdco, the interests of existing stockholders of Holdco will be diluted. If the Company incurs additional indebtedness, such indebtedness may contain significant financial covenants and other negative covenants that may significantly restrict the Companys ability to operate. The Company cannot assure you that it could obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all.The documentation governing the Companys Senior Secured Credit Facilities and its Floor Plan Facility contain restrictive covenants that may impair the Companys ability to access sufficient capital and operate its business.The documentation governing the Companys Senior Secured Credit Facilities and its Floor Plan Facility contain various provisions that limit the Companys ability to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness; incur certain liens; consolidate or merge; alter the business conducted by the Company and its subsidiaries; make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions; sell assets, including capital stock of its subsidiaries; enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions; pay dividends on capital stock or redeem, repurchase or retire capital stock or certain other indebtedness; engage in transactions with affiliates; and enter into agreements restricting its subsidiaries ability to pay dividends.In addition, the restrictive covenants contained in the documentation governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the Floor Plan Facility require the Company to maintain specified financial ratios. See Lazydays Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Liquidity and Capital Resources below. The Companys ability to comply with those financial ratios may be affected by events beyond its control, and its failure to comply with these ratios could result in an event of default.2222The restrictive covenants contained in the documentation governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the Floor Plan Facility may affect the Companys ability to operate and finance its business as it deems appropriate. The Companys inability to meet obligations as they become due or to comply with various financial covenants contained in the instruments governing its current or future indebtedness could constitute an event of default under the instruments governing the Companys indebtedness.If there were an event of default under the instruments governing the Companys indebtedness, the holders of the affected indebtedness could declare all of the affected indebtedness immediately due and payable, which, in turn, could cause the acceleration of the maturity of all of the Companys other indebtedness. The Company may not have sufficient funds available, or the Company may not have access to sufficient capital from other sources, to repay any accelerated debt. Even if the Company could obtain additional financing, the terms of such financing may not be favorable to the Company. In addition, substantially all of the Companys assets are subject to liens securing the obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the Floor Plan Facility. If amounts outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the Floor Plan Facility were accelerated, the Companys lenders could foreclose on these liens and the Company could lose substantially all of its assets. Any event of default under the instruments governing the Companys indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.Natural disasters, whether or not caused by climate change, unusual weather condition, epidemic outbreaks, terrorist acts and political events could disrupt business and result in lower sales and otherwise adversely affect the Companys financial performance.The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, fires, floods, hail storms and earthquakes, unusual weather conditions, epidemic outbreaks such as Ebola, Zika virus or measles, terrorist attacks or disruptive political events in certain regions where the Companys stores are located could adversely affect the Companys business and result in lower sales. Severe weather, such as heavy snowfall or extreme temperatures, may discourage or restrict customers in a particular region from traveling to the Companys stores or utilizing the Companys products, thereby reducing the Companys sales and profitability. Natural disasters including tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, hail storms and earthquakes may damage the Companys stores or other operations, which may materially adversely affect the Companys financial results. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Company depends on its relationships with third party providers of services, protection plans, products and resources and a disruption of these relationships or of these providers operations could have an adverse effect on the Companys business and results of operations.The Companys business depends in part on developing and maintaining productive relationships with third party providers of services, protection plans, products and resources that the Company markets to its customers. Additionally, the Company relies on certain third party providers to support its services, protection plans, products and resources, including insurance carriers for the Companys property and casualty insurance and extended service contracts, banks and captive financing companies for vehicle financing and refinancing. The Company cannot accurately predict when, or the extent to which, it will experience any disruption in the supply of products from its vendors or services from its third party providers. Any such disruption could negatively impact the Companys ability to market and sell its services, protection plans, products and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.With respect to the insurance programs that the Company offers, the Company is dependent on the insurance carriers that underwrite the insurance to obtain appropriate regulatory approvals and maintain compliance with insurance regulations. If such carriers do not obtain appropriate state regulatory approvals or comply with such changing regulations, the Company may be required to use an alternative carrier or change its insurance products or cease marketing certain insurance related products in certain states, which could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations. If the Company is required to use an alternative insurance carrier or change its insurance related products, it may materially increase the time required to bring an insurance related product to market. Any disruption in the Companys service offerings could harm the Companys reputation and result in customer dissatisfaction.2323Additionally, the Company provides financing to qualified customers through a number of third party financing providers. If one or more of these third party providers ceases to provide financing to the Companys customers, provides financing to fewer customers or no longer provides financing on competitive terms, or if the Company is unable to replace the current third party providers upon the occurrence of one or more of the foregoing events, it could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.A portion of the Companys revenue is from financing, insurance and extended service contracts, which depend on third party lenders and insurance companies. The Company cannot assure you that third party lending institutions will continue to provide financing for RV purchases.A portion of the Companys revenue comes from the fees the Company receives from lending institutions and insurance companies for arranging financing and insurance coverage for the Companys customers. The lending institution pays the Company a fee for each loan that it arranges. If these lenders were to lend to the Companys customers directly rather than through the Company, the Company would not receive a fee. In addition, if customers prepay financing the Company arranged within a specified period (generally within six months of making the loan), the Company is required to rebate (or chargeback) all or a portion of the commissions paid to the Company by the lending institution. The Companys revenues from financing fees and vehicle service contract fees are recorded net of a reserve for estimated future chargebacks based on historical operating results. Lending institutions may change the criteria or terms they use to make loan decisions, which could reduce the number of customers for whom the Company can arrange financing, or may elect to not continue to provide these products with respect to RVs. The Companys customers may also use the internet or other electronic methods to find financing alternatives. If any of these events occur, the Company could lose a significant portion of its income and profit.Furthermore, new and used vehicles may be sold and financed through retail installment sales contracts entered into between the Company and third-party purchasers. Prior to entering into a retail installment sales contract with a third-party purchaser, the Company typically has a commitment from a third-party lender for the assignment of such retail installment sales contract, subject to final review, approval and verification of the retail installment sales contract, related documentation and the information contained therein. Retail installment sales contracts are typically assigned by the Company to third-party lenders simultaneously with the execution of the retail installment sales contracts. Contracts in transit represent amounts due from third-party lenders from whom pre-arranged assignment agreements have been determined, and to whom the retail installment sales contract have been assigned. The Company recognizes revenue when the applicable new or used vehicle is delivered and the Company has assigned the retail installment sales contract to a third-party lender and collectability is reasonably assured. Funding from the third-party lender is provided upon receipt, final review, approval and verification of the retail installment sales contract, related documentation and the information contained therein. Retail installment sales contracts are typically funded within ten days of the initial approval of the retail installment sales contract by the third-party lender. Contracts in transit are included in current assets in the Companys consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus and totaled $15.5 million as of December 31, 2017 and $9.4 million as of December 31, 2016. Any defaults on these retail installment sales contracts could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.If the Company is unable to retain senior executives and attract and retain other qualified employees, the Companys business might be adversely affected.The Companys success depends in part on its ability to attract, hire, train and retain qualified managerial, sales and marketing personnel. Competition for these types of personnel is high. The Company may be unsuccessful in attracting and retaining the personnel it requires to conduct its operations successfully and, in such an event, the Companys business could be materially and adversely affected. The Companys success also depends to a significant extent on the continued service and performance of the Companys senior management team, including its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William Murnane. The loss of any member of the Companys senior management team could impair its ability to execute its business plan and could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company does not currently maintain key man life insurance policies on any member of its senior management team or other key employees. The Company has entered into an employment agreement with William Murnane, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The Company entered into new employment agreements with William Murnane and Maura Berney, the Companys Chief Financial Officer, which became effective upon the consummation of the Mergers. Neither Holdco nor the Company has entered into any other employment agreements with other persons.2424The Companys business depends on its ability to meet its labor needs.The Companys success depends in part upon its ability to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including market managers, general managers, sales managers, department managers and sales associates. Qualified individuals of the requisite caliber may be scarce in some areas. If the Company is unable to hire and retain sales associates capable of consistently providing a high level of customer service, as demonstrated by, among other qualities, their enthusiasm for the Companys culture and knowledge of the Companys products, the Companys business could be materially adversely affected. Although none of the Companys employees is currently covered by collective bargaining agreements, the Companys employees may elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. If Company employees were to so elect, the Companys labor costs could increase. Additionally, competition for qualified employees could require the Company to pay higher wages to attract the required number of employees. An inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees in the future may delay the planned openings of new stores. Any such delays, any material increases in employee turnover rates at existing stores or any increases in labor costs could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition or results of operations.The Company primarily leases its retail locations. If the Company is unable to maintain those leases or locate alternative sites for retail locations in its target markets and on terms that are acceptable to it, the Companys revenues and profitability could be adversely affected.The Company leases most of the real properties where it has operations, including, as of December 31, 2017, four of the five Lazydays retail locations in three states. The Companys leases generally provide for fixed monthly rentals with escalation clauses and range from five to twenty years. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain its existing retail locations as leases expire, extend the leases or be able to locate alternative sites in its target markets and on favorable terms. Any failure to maintain its existing retail locations, extend the leases or locate alternative sites on favorable or acceptable terms could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Companys business is subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations.The Companys operations are subject to varying degrees of federal, state and local regulation, including regulations with respect to the Companys RV sales, RV financing, marketing, direct mail, roadside assistance programs and insurance activities. New regulatory efforts may be proposed from time to time that may affect the way the Company operates its businesses. For example, in the past a principal source of leads for the Companys direct response marketing efforts was new vehicle registrations provided by motor vehicle departments in various states. Currently, all states restrict access to motor vehicle registration information.The Company is also subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations relating to the sale, transportation and marketing of motor vehicles. Federal, state and local laws and regulations also impose upon vehicle operators various restrictions on the weight, length and width of motor vehicles that may be operated in certain jurisdictions or on certain roadways. Certain jurisdictions also prohibit the sale of vehicles exceeding length restrictions. Federal and state authorities also have various environmental control standards relating to air, water, noise pollution and hazardous waste generation and disposal which affect the Companys business and operations.Further, certain federal and state laws and regulations affect the Companys activities. Areas of the Companys business affected by such laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, labor, advertising, consumer protection, real estate, promotions, quality of services, intellectual property, tax, import and export, anti-corruption, anti- competition, environmental, health and safety. Compliance with these laws and others may be onerous and costly, at times, and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction which further complicates compliance efforts.The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act), which was signed into law on July 21, 2010, established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB), an independent federal agency funded by the United States Federal Reserve with broad regulatory powers and limited oversight from the United States Congress. Although automotive dealers are generally excluded, the Dodd-Frank Act could lead to additional, indirect regulation of automotive dealers, in particular, their sale and marketing of finance and insurance products, through its regulation of automotive finance companies and other financial institutions. In March 2013, the CFPB issued supervisory guidance highlighting its concern that the practice of automotive dealers being compensated for arranging customer financing through discretionary markup of wholesale rates offered by financial institutions (dealer markup) results in a significant risk of pricing disparity in violation of The Equal Credit Opportunity Act (the ECOA). The CFPB recommended that financial institutions under its jurisdiction take steps to address compliance with the ECOA, which may include imposing controls on dealer markup, monitoring and addressing the effects of dealer markup policies, and eliminating dealer discretion to markup buy rates and fairly compensating dealers using a different mechanism.2525In addition, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the Affordable Care Act), which was signed into law on March 23, 2010, may increase the Companys annual employee health care costs that it funds and has increased the Companys cost of compliance and compliance risk related to offering health care benefits. Efforts to modify, repeal or otherwise invalidate all, or certain provisions of, the Affordable Care Act and/or adopt a replacement healthcare reform law may impact the Companys employee healthcare costs. At this time, there is uncertainty concerning whether the Affordable Care Act will be repealed or what requirements will be included in a new law, if enacted. If health care costs rise, the Company may experience increased operating costs, which may adversely affect the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.Furthermore, the Companys property and casualty insurance programs that it offers through third party insurance carriers are subject to state laws and regulations governing the business of insurance, including, without limitation, laws and regulations governing the administration, underwriting, marketing, solicitation or sale of insurance products. The Companys third party insurance carriers are required to apply for, renew, and maintain licenses issued by state, federal or foreign regulatory authorities. Such regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke such licenses. Accordingly, any failure by such parties to comply with the then current licensing requirements, which may include any determination of financial instability by such regulatory authorities, could result in such regulatory authorities denying third party insurance carriers initial or renewal applications for such licenses, modifying the terms of licenses or revoking licenses that they currently possess, which could severely inhibit the Companys ability to market these insurance products. Additionally, certain state laws and regulations govern the form and content of certain disclosures that must be made in connection with the sale, advertising or offer of any insurance program to a consumer. The Company reviews all marketing materials it disseminates to the public for compliance with applicable insurance regulations. The Company is required to maintain certain licenses and approvals in order to market insurance products.The Company has instituted various and comprehensive policies and procedures to address compliance. However, there can be no assurance that employees, contractors, vendors or the Companys agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the Companys policies and procedures.Regulations applicable to the sale of extended service contracts could materially impact the Companys business and results of operations.The Company offers extended service contracts that may be purchased as a supplement to the original purchasers warranty. These products are subject to complex federal and state laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which these products are offered will not seek to regulate or restrict these products. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in fines or other penalties including orders by state regulators to discontinue sales of the warranty products in one or more jurisdictions. Such a result could materially and adversely affect the Companys business, results of operations and financial condition.The Company currently transfers the majority of the administration and liability obligations associated with these extended service contracts to a third party upon purchase by the customer. State laws and regulations, however, may limit or condition the Companys ability to transfer these administration and liability obligations to third parties, which could in turn impact the way revenue is recognized from these products. Failure to comply with these laws could result in fines or other penalties, including orders by state regulators to discontinue sales of these product offerings as currently structured. Such a result could materially and adversely affect the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.If state dealer laws are repealed or weakened, the Companys dealerships will be more susceptible to termination, non-renewal or renegotiation of dealer agreements.State dealer laws generally provide that a manufacturer may not terminate or refuse to renew a dealer agreement unless it has first provided the dealer with written notice setting forth good cause and stating the grounds for termination or non-renewal. Some state dealer laws allow dealers to file protests or petitions or attempt to comply with the manufacturers criteria within a specified notice period to avoid the termination or non-renewal. Manufacturers have been lobbying and continue to lobby for the repeal or revision of state dealer laws. Although the lobbying efforts have been unsuccessful to date, if dealer laws are repealed in the states in which the Company operates, manufacturers may be able to terminate the Companys dealer agreements without providing advance notice, an opportunity to cure or a showing of good cause. Without the protection of state dealer laws, it may also be more difficult for the Company to renew its dealer agreements upon expiration.2626The ability of a manufacturer to grant additional dealer agreements is based on a number of factors which the Company cannot control. If manufacturers grant new dealer agreements in areas near the Companys existing markets, such new dealer agreements could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Companys failure to comply with certain environmental regulations could adversely affect the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Companys operations involve the use, handling, storage and contracting for recycling and/or disposal of materials such as motor oil and filters, transmission fluids, antifreeze, refrigerants, paints, thinners, batteries, cleaning products, lubricants, degreasing agents, tires and propane. Consequently, the Companys business is subject to federal, state and local requirements that regulate the environment and public health and safety. The Company may incur significant costs to comply with such requirements. The Companys failure to comply with these regulations and requirements could cause the Company to become subject to fines and penalties or otherwise have an adverse impact on the Companys business. In addition, the Company has indemnified certain of its landlords for any hazardous waste which may be found on or about property the Company leases. If any such hazardous waste were to be found on property that the Company occupies, a significant claim giving rise to the Companys indemnity obligation could have a negative effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.Climate change legislation or regulations restricting emission of greenhouse gases could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the RVs the Company sells.The United States Environmental Protection Agency has adopted rules under existing provisions of the federal Clean Air Act that require a reduction in emissions of greenhouse gases from motor vehicles. The adoption of any laws or regulations requiring significant increases in fuel economy requirements or new federal or state restrictions on vehicles and automotive fuels in the United States could adversely affect demand for those vehicles and could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Company may be unable to enforce its intellectual property rights and the Company may be accused of infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties which could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Company owns a variety of registered trademarks and service marks. The Company believes that its trademarks have significant value and are important to its marketing efforts. If the Company is unable to continue to protect the trademarks and service marks for its proprietary brands, if such marks become generic or if third parties adopt marks similar to the Companys marks, the Companys ability to differentiate its products and services may be diminished. In the event that the Companys trademarks or service marks are successfully challenged by third parties, the Company could lose brand recognition and be forced to devote additional resources to advertising and marketing new brands for its products.From time to time, the Company may be compelled to protect its intellectual property, which may involve litigation. Such litigation may be time-consuming, expensive and distract the Companys management from running the day-to-day operations of its business, and could result in the impairment or loss of the involved intellectual property. There is no guarantee that the steps the Company takes to protect its intellectual property, including litigation when necessary, will be successful. The loss or reduction of any of the Companys significant intellectual property rights could diminish the Companys ability to distinguish its products from competitors products and retain its market share for its proprietary products. The Companys inability to effectively protect the Companys proprietary intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, results of operations and financial condition.2727Other parties also may claim that the Company infringes on their proprietary rights. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions against the Company or the payment of damages. These claims could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.If the Company is unable to maintain or upgrade its information technology systems or if the Company is unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, the Companys operations may be disrupted or become less efficient.The Company depends on a variety of information technology systems for the efficient operation of its business. The Company relies on hardware, telecommunications and software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these information technology systems so that the Company can continue to operate its business. Various components of the Companys information technology systems, including hardware, networks, and software, are licensed to the Company by third party vendors. The Company relies extensively on its information technology systems to process transactions, summarize results and efficiently manage its business. Additionally, because the Company accepts debit and credit cards for payment, the Company is subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (the PCI Standard), issued by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. The PCI Standard contains various compliance guidelines with respect to the Companys security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of cardholder data. The Company is currently in compliance with the PCI Standard, however, complying with the PCI Standard and implementing related procedures, technology and information security measures requires significant resources and ongoing attention to compliance. Costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology such as those necessary to maintain compliance with the PCI Standard or with respect to maintenance or support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of the Companys operations. Any material interruptions or failures in the Companys payment-related systems could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.Any disruptions to the Companys information technology systems or breaches of the Companys network security could interrupt its operations, compromise its reputation, expose it to litigation, government enforcement actions and costly response measures and could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Company relies on the integrity, security and successful functioning of its information technology systems and network infrastructure across the Companys operations. The Company uses information technology systems to, among other things, support its consumer services and plans, manage procurement, manage its supply chain, track inventory information at its retail locations, communicate customer information and aggregate daily sales, margin and promotional information. The Company also uses information systems to report and audit its operational results.In connection with sales, the Company transmits encrypted confidential credit and debit card information. Although the Company is currently in compliance with the PCI Standard, there can be no assurance that in the future the Company will be able to remain compliant with the PCI Standard or other industry recommended or contractually required practices. Even if the Company continues to be compliant with such standards, it still may not be able to prevent security breaches.The Company also has access to, collects or maintains private or confidential information regarding its customers, associates and suppliers, as well as the Companys business. The protection of the Companys customer, associate, supplier and company data is critical to the Company. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements across the Companys business and operations. In addition, the Companys customers have a high expectation that the Company will adequately protect their personal information from cyber-attacks and other security breaches. The Company has procedures in place to safeguard its customers data and information. However, a significant breach of customer, employee, supplier, or company data could attract a substantial amount of negative media attention, damage the Companys relationships with its customers and suppliers, harm the Companys reputation and result in lost sales, fines and/or lawsuits.2828An increasingly significant portion of the Companys sales depends on the continuing operation of its information technology and communications systems, including but not limited to its point-of-sale system and its credit card processing systems. The Companys information technology, communication systems and electronic data may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, acts of war or terrorist attacks, floods, fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, power loss and outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, loss of data, unauthorized data breaches, usage errors by the Companys associates or the Companys contractors or other attempts to harm the Companys systems, including cyber-security attacks, hacking by third parties, computer viruses or other breaches of cardholder data. Some of the Companys information technology and communication systems are not fully redundant and the Companys disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster, intentional sabotage or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in the Companys information technology and communications systems. Any errors or vulnerabilities in the Companys information technology and communications systems, or damage to or failure of its information technology and communications systems, could result in interruptions in the Companys services and non-compliance with certain regulations or expose the Company to risk of litigation and liability, which could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.Increases in the minimum wage could adversely affect the Companys financial results.From time to time, legislative proposals are made to increase the federal minimum wage in the United States, as well as the minimum wage in a number of individual states. As federal or state minimum wage rates increase, the Company may be required to increase not only the wage rates of the Companys minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to the Companys other hourly employees as well. Any increase in the cost of the Companys labor could have an adverse effect on the Companys operating costs, financial condition and results of operations.The Company may be subject to product liability claims if people or property are harmed by the products the Company sells.Some of the products the Company sells may expose the Company to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or environmental or property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. Although the Company maintains liability insurance, the Company cannot be certain that its insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to the Company on economically reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, some of the Companys agreements with its vendors and sellers do not indemnify the Company from losses attributable to product liability. In addition, even if a product liability claim is not successful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding a product recall or any assertion that the products sold by the Company caused property damage or personal injury could damage the Companys brand image and its reputation with existing and potential consumers and have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Company may be named in litigation, which may result in substantial costs and reputational harm and divert managements attention and resources.The Company faces legal risks in its business, including claims from disputes with its employees and its former employees and claims associated with general commercial disputes, product liability and other matters. Risks associated with legal liability often are difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods of time. While the Company maintains director and officer insurance, as well as general and product liability insurance, the amount of insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover a claim and the continued availability of this insurance cannot be assured. Regardless of their subject matter or merits, class action lawsuits may result in significant cost to the Company, which costs may not be covered by insurance, may divert the attention of management or may otherwise have an adverse effect on the Companys business, brand image, financial condition and results of operations. Negative publicity from litigation, whether or not resulting in a substantial cost to the Company, could materially damage the Companys reputation. The Company may in the future be the target of litigation and any such litigation may result in substantial costs and reputational harm and divert managements attention and resources. Costs, harm to the Companys reputation and diversion of managements attention and resources could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.2929The Companys risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in achieving their purposes.The Companys policies, procedures, controls and oversight to monitor and manage its enterprise risks may not be fully effective in achieving their purpose and may leave the Company exposed to identified or unidentified risks. Past or future misconduct by the Companys employees or vendors could result in violations of law by the Company, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm to the Company. The Company monitors its policies, procedures and controls; however, there can be no assurance that its policies, procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent all forms of misconduct. The Company reviews its compensation policies and practices as part of the Companys overall enterprise risk management program, but it is possible that its compensation policies could incentivize inappropriate risk taking or misconduct. If such inappropriate risks or misconduct occurs, it is possible that it could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition and results of operations.The Company could incur asset impairment charges for goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets.The Company has a significant amount of goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. At least annually, the Company reviews goodwill, trademarks and tradenames for impairment. Long-lived assets, identifiable intangible assets and goodwill are also reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable from future cash flows. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of the business or other factors. If the carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. The Companys determination of future cash flows, future recoverability and fair value of the Companys long-lived assets includes significant estimates and assumptions. Changes in those estimates and/or assumptions or lower than anticipated future financial performance may result in the identification of an impaired asset and a non-cash impairment charge, which could be material. Any such charge could adversely affect the CompanyRisks Related to the Business Combination and Our StockFuture resales of the shares of common stock of Holdco issued to the Stockholders and the investors in the PIPE Investment may cause the market price of Holdcos securities to drop significantly, even if Holdcos business is doing well.Under the merger agreement, the Stockholders, the Optionholders, and the Bonus Payment Recipients received, among other things, an aggregate of: (i) 2,857,143 Holdco Shares; and (ii) $86.741 million. Pursuant to the merger agreement, certain of the Stockholders will be restricted from selling any of the Holdco Shares that they receive as a result of the Transaction Merger during the nine month period after the closing date of the Mergers, subject to certain exceptions.Subject to these restrictions, Holdco has entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which such Stockholders have been granted certain demand and piggy-back registration rights with respect to their securities. Additionally, the investors in the PIPE Investment have entered into a registration rights agreement granting them certain registration rights.Furthermore, the Stockholders and investors in the PIPE Investment may sell Holdco Shares pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, if available, rather than under a registration statement. In these cases, the resales must meet the criteria and conform to the requirements of that rule, including, because Andina and Holdco are currently shell companies, waiting until one year after Holdcos filing with the SEC of this Current Report on Form 8-K.Upon expiration of the applicable lock-up periods (with respect to Stockholders who have executed lock-up agreements), and upon effectiveness of any registration statement Holdco files pursuant to the above-referenced registration rights or upon satisfaction of the requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, the Stockholders and investors in the PIPE Investment may sell large amounts of Holdco Shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, which could have the effect of increasing the volatility in Holdcos stock price or putting significant downward pressure on the price of Holdcos stock.Nasdaq may delist Holdcos securities on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in Holdcos securities and subject Holdco to additional trading restrictions.Holdcos common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. There is no assurance that Holdco will be able to maintain the listing of its common stock in the future.3030If Holdcos common stock is delisted from trading on NasdaqHoldco could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for its securities;  a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for the company; and  a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.a limited availability of market quotations for its securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for the company; anda limited amount of news and analyst coverage for the company; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.Holdcos ability to request indemnification from the Stockholders for damages arising out of the business combination are limited in certain instances to those claims where damages exceed $1.0 million and is limited to the cash and shares placed in escrow.At the closing of the business combination, (i) an aggregate of $4.25 million of cash to be paid as part of the merger consideration and (ii) 142,857 of the Holdco Shares to be issued as part of the merger consideration (Indemnity Escrow Fund) was deposited in escrow to provide a fund for payment to Holdco with respect to its post-closing rights to indemnification under the merger agreement for breaches of representations, warranties and covenants by Lazydays. Claims for indemnification may only be asserted (subject to certain exceptions) by Holdco once the damages incurred by Holdco exceed a $1.0 million deductible, in which event the amount payable from the Indemnity Escrow Fund shall be the amount in excess of the deductible. Accordingly, it is possible that Holdco will not be entitled to indemnification even if Lazydays is found to have breached certain of its representations, warranties and covenants contained in the merger agreement if such breaches would only result in damages to Holdco of less than $1.0 million. Also, subject to certain limited exceptions, Holdcos right to seek indemnification is limited to the Indemnity Escrow Fund and such right expires one year from the closing date of the merger. At such time, the Indemnity Escrow Fund will be released from the escrow to the Stockholders, the Optionholders and the Bonus Payment Recipients, less amounts previously applied in satisfaction of or reserved with respect to indemnification claims, if any, that are made prior to that date.Holdcos outstanding convertible preferred stock, warrants and options may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.After the close of the Merger, we had outstanding (i) stock options issued to the board of directors and employees to purchase 3,672,639 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.10, (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 1,339,499 shares of common stock that were issued in the PIPE Investment, (iii) warrant to purchase 2,503,937 shares of our common stock at $11.50 per share issued in the PIPE Investment, (iv) warrants to purchase 2,155,000 shares of our common stock at $11.50 per share held by Andina public shareholders, (v) 5,962,733 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the 600,000 Series A Preferred Stock of Holdco, and (vi) 657,142 shares underlying unit purchase options. Furthermore, we may issue additional equity awards under our 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan (the 2018 Plan). The sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the Warrants and options and the shares issuable under our incentive plan could have an adverse effect on the market price of the common stock or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent these Warrants and options are exercised, you may experience dilution to your holdings.We are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common shares less attractive to investors.We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, and we will take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies. These exemptions include not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Investors may find our common stock less attractive because we rely, or may rely, on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, the price of our common stock may be reduced, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile.In addition, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies.3131We could remain an emerging growth company until the last day of 2020, although a variety of circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier. For as long as we take advantage of the reduced reporting obligations, the information that we provide stockholders may be different from information provided by other public comThe conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into Holdco Shares may dilute the value for the other holders of Holdco Shares.The Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into Holdco Shares. As a result of the conversion of any issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, the existing holders of Holdco Shares will own a smaller percentage of the outstanding Holdco Shares. Further, additional Holdco Shares may be issuable pursuant to certain other features of the Series A Preferred Stock, with such issuances being further dilutive to existing holders of Holdco Shares.If Series A Preferred Stock is converted into Holdco Shares, holders of such converted Holdco Shares will be entitled to the same dividend and distribution rights as other holders of Holdco Shares. As such, another dilutive effect resulting from the conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be a dilution to dividends and distributions receivable on account of Holdco Shares.The holders of Series A Preferred Stock own a large portion of the voting power of the Holdco Shares and have the right to nominate two members to Holdcos board of directors. As a result, these holders may influence the composition of the board of directors of Holdco and future actions taken by the board of directors of Holdco.The purchasers of the Series A Preferred Stock in the PIPE Investment are entitled to vote upon all matters upon which holders of Holdco Shares have the right to vote and are entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of full Holdco Shares into which such shares of Series A Preferred Stock could be converted at the then applicable conversion rate. Accordingly, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will hold approximately 41.3% of the voting power of Holdco on an as-converted basis (assuming that no holders of public shares exercise their conversion rights). As a result, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may have the ability to influence future actions by Holdco requiring shareholder approval.Further, the Certificate of Designations of the Series A Preferred Stock provides that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate for election two individuals to Holdcos board of directors. As a result, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be able influence the composition of the board and, in turn, potentially influence and impact future actions taken by the board of directors of Holdco.The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have certain rights that may not allow Holdco to take certain actions.Pursuant to the certificate of designations governing the Series A Preferred Stock, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock must consent to Holdco taking certain actions, including among others, the increase in the number of directors constituting Holdcos board above eight members, the incurrence of certain indebtedness and the sale of certain assets. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are not obligated to consent to any specific action and there can be no assurance that the holders will consent to any action Holdcos board determines is in the best interests of its stockholders as a whole.Additionally, the purchasers of the Series A Preferred Stock have been granted a right of first refusal on certain debt financings. Pursuant to this right, the purchasers will have 15 business days to determine whether they want to undertake a covered debt financing. This may delay Holdcos ability to undertake a debt financing and may cause certain third parties to be less willing to engage in any debt financing with Holdco.Financial InformationReference is made to the disclosure set forth in Section 9.01 of this Report concerning the financial information of Holdco.3232LAZYDAYS MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION ANDRESULTS OF OPERATIONSThe following discussion and analysis of Lazy Days R.V. Center Inc.s financial condition and results of operations is intended to clarify the companys results of operations, certain changes in its financial position, liquidity, capital structure and business developments for the periods covered by the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 8-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. This discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to, the other related information contained in this Form 8-K, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto and the description of the business, as well as the risk factors discussed in Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere herein.The following includes a discussion of the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. The consolidated financial statements can be found elsewhere in this current report.BUSINESS OVERVIEWLazy Days R.V. Center, Inc. (the Company, the group, we, our, and us) operates Recreational Vehicle (RV) dealerships featuring a broad selection of over 2,500 new and pre-owned RVs. We believe, based on industry research and managements estimates, that we operate one of the worlds largest RV dealerships, measured in terms of on-site inventory, located on 126 acres outside Tampa, FL. We also operate additional RV dealerships in Tucson, AZ and three cities in Colorado, Loveland, Denver and Longmont. We offer our customers a variety of services, such as third-party protection plans, financing and insurance. In addition, we have over 300 service bays across all locations, and have RV parts and accessories stores at all locations. We also have RV rental fleets in all three markets and availability to two on-site campgrounds with over 700 RV campsites. We welcome over 500,000 visitors to our dealership locations annually and employ over 700 people at the five facilities. Our dealership locations are staffed with knowledgeable local team members, providing customers access to extensive RV expertise. Our dealership locations are strategically located in key RV markets. Based on information collected by the Company from reports prepared by Statistical Surveys, these key RV markets (Florida, Colorado and Arizona) account for a significant portion of new RV units sold on an annual basis in the U.S. The Companys dealerships in these key markets attract customers from all states, except Hawaii.With over forty years of history dating back to 1976, Lazydays is an iconic, industry leading brand that is synonymous with the RV lifestyle and is known nationally as the RV AuthorityTM, a registered trademark that has been consistently used by the Company in its marketing and branding communications since 2013. Based on a research report prepared by Russell Research in November / December 2017, Lazydays is the second most well-known R.V. dealership brand among a national audience of non-Lazydays customers surveyed. According to the report, over 85% of Lazydays customers and over 80% of prospective customers surveyed believe that Lazydays is among the category leaders in the industry. Our consistent quality, breadth and depth of offerings, as well as our comprehensive range of RV lifestyle resources, have resulted in our customers having adoring loyalty to, and lasting trust in our brands.RECENT DEVELOPMENTSOn October 27, 2017, we entered into the merger agreement with Andina Acquisition Corp. II (Andina), Andina II Holdco Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Andina (Holdco), Andina II Merger Sub Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco (Merger Sub) and A. Lorne Weil, an individual, to approve (a) the Redomestication Merger and (b) the Transaction Merger.The merger agreement provides for a business combination transaction by means of (i) the Redomestication Merger of Andina with and into Holdco, with Holdco surviving and becoming a new public company and (ii) the Transaction Merger of the Company with and into Merger Sub with the Company surviving and becoming a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco. As a result of the Mergers, our stockholders and the shareholders of Andina will become stockholders of Holdco.Under the merger agreement, upon consummation of the Redomestication Merger, (i) each ordinary share of Andina will be exchanged for one Holdco Share, except that holders of public shares shall be entitled to elect instead to receive a pro rata portion of Andinas trust account, as provided in Andinas charter documents, (ii) each Andina right will entitle the holder to receive one-seventh of a Holdco Share and (iii) each Andina warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one-half of one Holdco Share at a price of $11.50 per whole share. Upon consummation of the Transaction Merger, our stockholders will receive their pro rata portion of: (i) 2,857,143 Holdco Shares; and (ii) $85,000 in cash, subject to adjustments based on our working capital and debt as of closing and also subject to any such Holdco Shares and cash that are issued and paid to our option holders and participants under the Transaction Incentive Plan.3333The Mergers were consummated on March 15, 2018. Holdco is the new public entity and has changed its name to Lazydays Holdings, Inc. Upon consummation of the Mergers, the amount paid to the former owners of Lazydays was $86,741, subject to the final closing of the debt and working capital statement.New Tax LawOn December 22, 2017, the tax reform bill was signed into law, including a permanent reduction in the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective January 1, 2018. As a result of the enacted law, we were required to revalue deferred tax assets and liabilities at the enacted rate. This revaluation resulted in a benefit of $12 to income tax expense.M&T Credit FacilityOn March 15, 2018, the Company replaced its existing debt agreements with Bank of America with a $200,000 Senior Secured Credit Facility with M&T Bank (the M&T Facility). The M&T Facility includes a $175,000 Floor Plan Facility (the M&T Floor Plan Line of Credit), a $20,000 Term Loan (the M&T Term Loan), and a $5,000 Revolving Credit Facility (the M&T Revolver). The M&T Facility will mature on March 15, 2021. The M&T facility requires the Company to meet certain financial covenants and is secured by substantially all assets of the Company.The M&T Floor Plan Line of Credit may be used to finance new vehicle inventory, but only $45,000 may be used to finance pre-owned vehicle inventory and only $4,500 may be used to finance rental units. Principal becomes due upon the sale of the respective vehicle. The M&T Floor Plan Line of Credit shall accrue interest at either (a) the fluctuating 30-day LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin which ranges from 2.00% to 2.30% based upon the Companys total leverage ratio (as defined in the M&T Facility) or (b) the Base Rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.00% to 1.30% based upon the Companys total leverage ratio (as defined in the M&T facility). The Base Rate is defined in the agreement as the highest of M&Ts prime rate, the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50% or one-month LIBOR plus 1.00%. In addition, the Company will be charged for unused commitments at a rate of 0.15%.3434The M&T Term Loan will be repaid in equal monthly principal instalments of $242 plus accrued interest through the maturity date. At the maturity date, the Company will pay a principal balloon payment of $11,300 plus any accrued interest. The M&T Term Loan shall bear interest at (a) LIBOR plus an applicable margin of 2.25% to 3.0% based on the total leverage ratio (as defined in the agreement) or (b) the Base Rate plus a margin of 1.25%-2.00% based on the total leverage ratio (as defined in the agreement).The M&T Revolver allows the Company to draw up to $5,000. The M&T Revolver shall bear interest at (a) 30-day LIBOR plus an applicable margin of 2.25% to 3.0% based on the total leverage ratio (as defined in the agreement) or (b) the Base Rate plus a margin of 1.25%-2.00% based on the total leverage ratio (as defined in the agreement). The M&T Revolver is also subject to the unused commitment fees at rates varying from 0.25% to 0.50% based on the total leverage ratio (as defined).2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity PlanOn March 15, 2018, Holdco adopted the 2018 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan (the 2018 Plan). The 2018 Plan reserves up to 13% of the Holdco Shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. If the fair market value per share of Holdco Share immediately following the closing of the Merger is greater than $8.75 per Holdco Share the number of Holdco Shares authorized for awards under the 2018 Plan shall be increased by a formula (as defined in the 2018 Plan) not to exceed 18% of Holdco Shares then outstanding on a fully diluted basis.On March 16, 2018, Holdco granted 3,573,113 stock options to employees under the 2018 Plan, including 1,458,414 to the CEO and 583,366 to the CFO. The options have an exercise price of $11.10 and a contractual life of five years. The options shall vest as follows and shall be exercisable only to the extent that it has vested: 30% of the option shall vest once the volume weighted average price (VWAP), as defined in the options agreement, is equal to or greater than $13.125 per Holdco Share for at least thirty (30) out of thirty-five (35) consecutive trading days; an additional 30% of the options shall vest once the VWAP is equal to or greater than $17.50 per Holdco Share for at least thirty (30) out of thirty-five (35) consecutive trading days; an additional 30% of the Option shall vest once the VWAP is equal to or greater than $21.875 per Holdco Share for at least thirty (30) out of thirty-five (35) consecutive trading days; and an additional 10% of the Option shall vest once the VWAP is equal to or greater than $35 per Holdco Share for at least thirty (30) out of thirty-five (35) consecutive trading days; provided that the option-holder remains continuously employed by the Company (and/or any of its subsidiaries) from the grant date through (and including) the relevant date of vesting.On March 16, 2018, Holdco granted options for the purchase of an aggregate of 99,526 Holdco Shares to the non-employee directors of the Company. The options issued to the non-employee directors of the Company have an exercise price of $11.10, vest over 3 years, and have a 5-year contractual life.3535HOW WE GENERATE REVENUEWe derive our revenues from sales of new units, sales of pre-owned units, RV parts, service and repairs, commissions earned on sales of third-party financing and insurance products, visitor fees at our Tampa campground and food facilities, and other revenues. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, we derived our revenues from these categories in the following percentages:Percentages of Revenues For the Years Ended December 31, 2017 2016 New vehicles 54.5% 54.7% Pre-owned vehicles 34.3% 34.0% Parts, service and other 11.1% 11.3% Total 100.0% 100.0%Percentages of RevenuesFor the Years Ended December 31,For the Years Ended December 31,2017 201620172016New vehicles 54.5% 54.7%54.5%54.7%Pre-owned vehicles 34.3% 34.0%34.3%34.0%Parts, service and other 11.1% 11.3%11.1%11.3%Total 100.0% 100.0%100.0%100.0%We believe that we are the nations largest single point of distribution for RVs and a primary retail outlet for most of the leading manufacturers in the industry. New and pre-owned RV sales accounted for approximately 89% of total revenues in each of the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. These revenue contributions have remained relatively consistent year over year.KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSGross Profit and Gross Margins. Gross profit is our total revenue less our total costs applicable to revenue. The vast majority of our cost applicable to revenues is related to the cost of vehicles. New and pre-owned vehicles have accounted for 97% of the cost of revenues in each of the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. Gross margin is gross profit as a percentage of revenue.Our gross profit is variable in nature and generally follows changes in our revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, gross profit was $127,137 and $117,182, respectively, and gross margin was 20.7% in each of the years. Our vehicle gross margins are expected to be negatively impacted for two quarters following the Merger as a result of our LIFO-based inventory being written up to fair market value pursuant to the requirements of purchase accounting.Our gross margins on pre-owned vehicles are typically higher than gross margins on new vehicles, on a percentage basis. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the gross margins were also favorably impacted by parts service, and other revenue whose combined revenues were 11.2% and 11.3%, respectively, of total revenues. Our margins on these lines of business typically carry higher gross margin percentages than our new and pre-owned vehicle sales.3636SG&A as a percentage of Gross Profit. Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses as a percentage of gross profit allows us to monitor our expense control over a period of time. SG&A consists primarily of wage-related expenses, selling expenses related to commissions and advertising, lease expenses and corporate overhead expenses. Salaries, commissions and benefits represent the largest component of our total selling, general and administrative expense and averages approximately 53% of total selling, general and administrative expense.We calculate SG&A expenses as a percentage of gross profit by dividing SG&A expenses for the period by total gross profit. For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, SG&A as a percentage of gross profit was 82.7% and 83.2%, respectively. We expect SG&A expenses to increase as we open new retail locations through organic growth and acquisitions, which we also expect will drive increases in revenue and gross profit. Additionally, we expect that our SG&A expenses will increase marginally in future periods in part due to additional legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses that we expect to incur as a result of being a public company, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations.Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is a not a U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principal (GAAP) financial measure, but it is one of the primary metrics management uses to evaluate the financial performance of our business. Adjusted EBITDA is also frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry. We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to supplement GAAP measures of performance as follows: as a measurement of operating performance to assist us in comparing the operating performance of our business on a consistent basis, and remove the impact of items not directly resulting from our core operations;  for planning purposes, including the preparation of our internal annual operating budget and financial projections;  to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of our operational strategies; and  to evaluate our capacity to fund capital expenditures and expand our business.as a measurement of operating performance to assist us in comparing the operating performance of our business on a consistent basis, and remove the impact of items not directly resulting from our core operations; for planning purposes, including the preparation of our internal annual operating budget and financial projections;for planning purposes, including the preparation of our internal annual operating budget and financial projections; to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of our operational strategies; andto evaluate the performance and effectiveness of our operational strategies; and to evaluate our capacity to fund capital expenditures and expand our business.to evaluate our capacity to fund capital expenditures and expand our business.We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income excluding depreciation and amortization, non-floor plan interest expense, interest income and income tax expense, and other supplemental adjustments. We believe Adjusted EBITDA, when considered along with other performance measures, is a useful measure as it reflects certain operating drivers of the business, such as sales growth, operating costs, selling and administrative expense and other operating income and expense. We believe Adjusted EBITDA can provide a more complete understanding of the underlying operating results and trends and an enhanced overall understanding of our financial performance and prospects for the future. While Adjusted EBITDA is not a recognized measure under GAAP, management uses this financial measure to evaluate and forecast business performance. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of liquidity or cash flows from operations, or a measure comparable to net income as it does not take into account certain requirements such as non-recurring gains and losses which are not deemed to be a normal part of the underlying business activities..Our use of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other companies within the industry. We compensate for these limitations by using Adjusted EBITDA as only one of several measures for evaluating its business performance. In addition, capital expenditures, which impact depreciation and amortization, interest expense, and income tax expense, are reviewed separately by management. Our measure of Adjusted EBITDA is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled captions of other companies due to different methods of calculation. For a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA Margin to net income margin, and a further discussion of how we utilize this non-GAAP financial measure, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures below.RESULTS OF OPERATIONSThe following table sets forth information comparing the components of net income for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.3737Summary Financial Data(in thousands)For the Years Ended, December 31, 2017 2016 Revenues New and pre-owned vehicles $546,385 $500,772 Parts, service and other 68,453 64,577 Total revenue 614,838 565,349 Cost of revenues New and pre-owned vehicles 472,318 435,122 Parts, service and other 15,383 13,045 Total cost of revenues 487,701 448,167 Gross profit 127,137 117,182 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 105,096 97,614 Income from operations 22,041 19,568 Other income/expenses Gain on sale of property and equipment 98 - Interest expense (8,752) (7,274) Income before income tax expense 13,387 12,294 Income tax expense (5,085) (4,511) Net income $8,302 $7,783For the Years Ended,December 31,December 31,2017 201620172016RevenuesNew and pre-owned vehicles $546,385 $500,772$546,385$500,772Parts, service and other 68,453 64,57768,45364,577Total revenue 614,838 565,349614,838565,349Cost of revenuesNew and pre-owned vehicles 472,318 435,122472,318435,122Parts, service and other 15,383 13,04515,38313,045Total cost of revenues 487,701 448,167487,701448,167Gross profit 127,137 117,182127,137117,182Selling, general, and administrative expenses 105,096 97,614105,09697,614Income from operations 22,041 19,56822,04119,568Other income/expensesGain on sale of property and equipment 98 -98-Interest expense (8,752) (7,274)(8,752)(7,274)Income before income tax expense 13,387 12,29413,38712,294Income tax expense (5,085) (4,511)(5,085)(4,511)Net income $8,302 $7,783$8,302$7,7833838Year Ended December 31, 2017 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2016RevenueRevenue increased by approximately $49.5 million, or 8.8%, to $614.8 million from $565.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. This growth primarily resulted from a 5.9% increase in the number of total vehicles sold as a result of strong customer demand.New Vehicles and Pre-Owned Vehicles RevenueRevenue from our new and pre-owned vehicles sales increased by approximately $45.6 million, or 9.1%, to $546.4 million from $500.8 million from the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.Revenue from new vehicle sales increased by approximately $26.7 million, or 8.6%, to $335.3 million from $308.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. This was primarily attributable to an increase in the number of new vehicles sold from 3,940 to 4,224 due to strong customer demand. The average revenue per unit sold was approximately $0.08 million per unit and increased by 1.3% for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2016.Revenue from pre-owned vehicle sales increased by approximately $18.9 million, or 9.9%, to $211.1 million from $192.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. This was primarily attributable to an increase in the number of pre-owned vehicles sold from 3,037 to 3,167 due to strong customer demand. The average revenue per unit sold was approximately $0.07 and $0.06 million per unit during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and increased by 5.3% for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2016.Parts, Service and Other RevenueParts, service, and other revenue consists of sales of parts, accessories, and related services. It also consists finance and insurance revenues as well as campground and other revenues. Parts, service and other revenue increased by approximately $3.9 million year over year, or 6.0%, to $68.5 million from $64.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.Sales of parts, accessories and related services increased by approximately $4.0 million, or 14.2%, to $31.8 from $27.9 million primarily driven by the associated growth that accompanies new and used sales volumes and new initiatives in parts and accessories sales, including testing e-commerce market for parts sales through September 2017.Finance and insurance revenue increased by approximately $0.8 million, or 2.8%, to $29.8 million from $29.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, primarily due to higher sales volume, partially offset by an increase in chargebacks due to cancellations and early payoffs for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.Campground and other revenue, which includes RV rental revenue, decreased by approximately $0.9 million year over year, or 11.7%, to $6.8 million from $7.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.Gross ProfitGross profit consists of gross revenues less our cost of sales and services. Gross profit increased by approximately $10.0 million, or 8.5%, to $127.1 million from $117.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. This increase was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue discussed above.3939New and Pre-Owned Vehicles Gross ProfitNew and pre-owned vehicle gross profit increased 12.8% to $74.1 million from $65.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.The increase in new and pre-owned vehicle gross profit is attributable to a 7.2% increase in sales volume on new vehicles, a 4.3% increase in sales volume on pre-owned vehicles, and an increase in OEM rebates. We experienced increases in profit per retail unit sold related to a favorable shift in sales mix in our new product lines. We also had an increase in gross profit per retail unit on our pre-owned product lines due to increased demand for pre-owned vehicles during the period and an approximate 5.3% increase in the average sales price per unit sold.Parts, Service and Other Gross ProfitParts, services and other gross profit increased 3.0% to $53.1 million from $51.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, as a result of the increases in sales of parts, accessories and related services described as well as improved labor rate realization in 2017. In addition, there was an increase in sales of finance and insurance revenues for the reasons described above. Finance and insurance revenues typically carry higher margins than sales of parts, accessories, and related services.Selling, General and Administrative ExpensesSelling, general, and administrative (SG&A) expenses, including depreciation and amortization, increased 7.7% to $105.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2017, from $97.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2016. This increase is largely due to increases in salary, commissions and benefits expenses, as well as increases in advertising and promotion costs, outsourced delivery fees and customer satisfaction costs, which increase as a result of increases in revenue. Historically, salary, commissions, payroll taxes and benefits have comprised the majority of our total SG&A expenses and were equal to 51.6% of SG&A expenses during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to 53.5% during the year ended December 31, 2016. Additionally, for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, we incurred $2.3 million and $0.5 million, respectively, in connection with transaction costs relating to the merger agreement and $0.5 million and less than $0.1 million, respectively, in stock-based compensation to employees.4040Interest ExpenseInterest expense increased by approximately $1.5 million, or 20.3%, to $8.8 million from $7.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, primarily due to an increase in interest expense on our floor plan credit facility from $2.3 million in 2016 to $3.7 million in 2017, as a result of higher principal outstanding during the period, partially offset by a decrease in the Adjusted LIBOR rates charged on the floor plan credit facility. The higher outstanding principal balance on our floor plan credit facility was driven by a draw down to finance our $15.0 million distribution during 2017. Interest charged on the floor plan facility for the year ended December 31, 2016 and through July 1, 2017 was equal to the LIBOR Rate (LIBOR) plus 3.25%; on August 1, 2017, the rate decreased to LIBOR plus 2.75% and on November 1, 2017, the rate decreased further to LIBOR plus 2.25%.Income TaxesIncome tax expense increased to $5.1 million in 2017 from $4.5 million in 2016, due to the increase in pre-tax income.NON-GAAP FINANCIAL METRICSWe use certain non-GAAP financial measures, such as EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, to enable us to analyze our performance and financial condition, as described in Key Performance Indicators, above. We utilize these financial measures to manage our business on a day-to-day basis and believe that they are the most relevant measures of performance. We believe that these measures are commonly used in the industry to measure performance. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance, in addition to the standard GAAP-based financial measures.The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. You should read this discussion and analysis of the Companys financial condition and results of operations together with the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the related notes thereto also included herein.EBITDA is defined as net income excluding depreciation and amortization, interest expense, interest income and income tax expense.Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income excluding depreciation and amortization, non-floor plan interest expense, interest income and income tax expense, and other supplemental adjustments.,.4141Reconciliations from Net Income per the Consolidated Statements of Income to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 are shown in the table below.For the Years Ended ($ in thousands) December 31, 2017 2016 EBITDA Net income $8,302 $7,783 Interest expense, net 8,752 7,274 Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 5,286 4,510 Amortization of intangible assets 744 746 Income tax expense 5,085 4,511 Subtotal EBITDA 28,169 24,824 Floor plan interest expense (3,739) (2,270) LIFO adjustment 3,772 1,932 Non-compete/severance costs 325 313 Transaction costs 2,313 510 Gain on sale of property and equipment (98) - Stock-based compensation 497 13 Adjusted EBITDA $31,239 $25,322For the Years Ended($ in thousands) December 31,December 31,2017 201620172016EBITDANet income $8,302 $7,783$8,302$7,783Interest expense, net 8,752 7,2748,7527,274Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 5,286 4,5105,2864,510Amortization of intangible assets 744 746744746Income tax expense 5,085 4,5115,0854,511Subtotal EBITDA 28,169 24,82428,16924,824Floor plan interest expense (3,739) (2,270)(3,739)(2,270)LIFO adjustment 3,772 1,9323,7721,932Non-compete/severance costs 325 313325313Transaction costs 2,313 5102,313510Gain on sale of property and equipment (98) -(98)-Stock-based compensation 497 1349713Adjusted EBITDA $31,239 $25,322$31,239$25,322For the Years Ended (as percentage of total revenue) December 31, 2017 2016 EBITDA margin Net income 1.4% 1.4% Interest expense, net 1.4% 1.3% Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 0.9% 0.8% Amortization of intangible assets 0.1% 0.1% Income tax expense 0.8% 0.8% Subtotal EBITDA margin 4.6% 4.4% Floor plan interest expense (0.6)% (0.4)% LIFO adjustment 0.6% 0.3% Non-compete/severance costs 0.1% 0.1% Transaction costs 0.4% 0.1% Cost of revenues Gain on sale of property and equipment (0.0)% 0.0% Stock-based compensation 0.1% 0.0% Adjusted EBITDA margin 5.1% 4.5%For the Years Ended(as percentage of total revenue) December 31,December 31,2017 201620172016EBITDA marginNet income 1.4% 1.4%1.4%1.4%Interest expense, net 1.4% 1.3%1.4%1.3%Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 0.9% 0.8%0.9%0.8%Amortization of intangible assets 0.1% 0.1%0.1%0.1%Income tax expense 0.8% 0.8%0.8%0.8%Subtotal EBITDA margin 4.6% 4.4%4.6%4.4%Floor plan interest expense (0.6)% (0.4)%(0.6)%(0.4)%LIFO adjustment 0.6% 0.3%0.6%0.3%Non-compete/severance costs 0.1% 0.1%0.1%0.1%Transaction costs 0.4% 0.1%0.4%0.1%Cost of revenues Gain on sale of property and equipment (0.0)% 0.0%(0.0)%0.0%Stock-based compensation 0.1% 0.0%0.1%0.0%Adjusted EBITDA margin 5.1% 4.5%5.1%4.5%Note: Figures in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding.4242LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCESCash Flow SummaryFor the years ended December 31, 2017 2016 Variance Net income $8,302 $7,783 $519 Non-cash adjustments 6,192 4,330 1,862 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 9,562 (19,722) 29,284 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 24,056 (7,609) 31,665 Net cash used in investing activities (2,335) (6,476) 4,141 Net cash used in financing activities (12,587) (49,949) 37,362 Net increase (decrease) in cash $9,134 $(64,034) $73,168For the years ended December 31,2017 2016 Variance20172016VarianceNet income $8,302 $7,783 $519$8,302$7,783$519Non-cash adjustments 6,192 4,330 1,8626,1924,3301,862Changes in operating assets and liabilities 9,562 (19,722) 29,2849,562(19,722)29,284Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 24,056 (7,609) 31,66524,056(7,609)31,665Net cash used in investing activities (2,335) (6,476) 4,141(2,335)(6,476)4,141Net cash used in financing activities (12,587) (49,949) 37,362(12,587)(49,949)37,362Net increase (decrease) in cash $9,134 $(64,034) $73,168$9,134$(64,034)$73,168Net Cash from Operating ActivitiesThe Company generated cash from operating activities of approximately $24.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to cash used in operating activities of approximately $7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. Net income increased by approximately $0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. Adjustments for non-cash expenses were $6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, as compared to $4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. During the year ended December 31, 2017, there was approximately $9.6 million of cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities as compared to $19.7 million of cash used by changes in operating assets and liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2016. The fluctuation in cash used / provided by operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to changes in the balance of income taxes receivable / payable and changes in inventory and receivables balances during the period.Net Cash from Investing ActivitiesThe Company used cash in investing activities of approximately $2.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to approximately $6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The Company used cash of approximately $2.6 million for purchases of property and equipment during the year ended December 31, 2017, partially offset by approximately $0.2 million of proceeds received in the sale of purchase of property and equipment. The Company used cash of $6.5 million for the purchase of property and equipment during the year ended December 31, 2016.Net Cash from Financing ActivitiesThe Company used cash in financing activities of approximately $12.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to net cash used in financing activities of approximately $50.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company issued a cash dividend of approximately $15.0 million and used approximately $3.0 million of cash to pay down the revolving line of credit, $1.9 million to repay long term debt, and $1.3 million to repay the contingent liability related to the RV America Acquisition, partially offset by $9.2 million of net borrowings under the floor plan. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company paid a cash dividend of approximately $44.5 million and used approximately $3.5 million of cash to pay down the revolving line of credit and $1.9 million to repay long term debt.Funding Needs and SourcesThe Company has historically satisfied its liquidity needs through cash from operations and various borrowing arrangements. Cash requirements consist principally of scheduled payments of principal and interest on outstanding indebtedness (including indebtedness under its existing floor plan credit facility), the acquisition of inventory, capital expenditures, salary and sales commissions and lease expenses.As of December 31, 2017, the Company had liquidity of approximately $13.3 million in cash and had working capital of approximately $14.6 million.4343Capital expenditures include expenditures to extend the useful life of current facilities and expand operations. For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company invested approximately $2.6 and $6.5 million in capital expenditures, respectively. Capital expenditures during 2017 were primarily for building improvements and the expansion of our rental fleet. Capital expenditures during 2016 were primarily for the expansion of our rental fleet.primarily for building improvements and the expansion of our rental fleet. Capital expenditures during 2016 were primarily for the expansion of our rental fleet.The Company maintains sizable inventory in order to meet the expectations of its customers and believes that it will continue to require working capital consistent with past experience. Historically, the Company has funded its operations with internally generated cash flow and borrowings. Changes in working capital are driven primarily by profit levels. The Company maintains a floor plan credit facility to finance its vehicle inventory. At times, the Company has made repayments on its existing floor plan credit facility using excess cash flow from operations.As a result of the Mergers on March 15, 2018, approximately $105.5 million of incremental cash was made available from various sources, of which $86.7 million was paid out to the Stockholders, leaving a minimum (after payment of transaction expenses) of approximately an incremental $9.0 million of cash available for future opportunities, including potential acquisitions. The incremental cash resulted from the PIPE Investment of approximately $94.8 million and $10.7 million of existing cash on the books of Andina.Floor Plan Notes PayableThe Company maintains a floor plan financing agreement with Bank of America (as amended on February 27, 2017) with asset-based borrowing availability of up to $140 million through November 18, 2018. The entire facility may be used to finance new vehicle inventory but only up to $40.0 million may be used to finance pre-owned vehicle inventory, of which a maximum of $5.0 million may be used to finance rental units. The principal balance outstanding under this facility was approximately $105.2 and $96.0 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2016 and through July 1, 2017, interest was equal to LIBOR plus 3.25%; on August 1, 2017, the rate decreased to LIBOR plus 2.75% and on November 1, 2017, the rate decreased further to LIBOR plus 2.25%.4444Revolving Line of Credit and Long-Term DebtOn November 18, 2015, the Company entered into a credit agreement with Bank of America for an aggregate commitment amount of $20,000, which includes two facilities (the BOA Credit Agreement). One of the two facilities under the BOA Credit Agreement is a $7,000 revolving line of credit (Revolver) which matures on November 18, 2020. The Revolver bears interest at LIBOR plus 3.5% per annum and has no minimum payment requirements. The principal balance on the Revolver was $0 and $3,000 and the availability on the Revolver was $7,000 and $4,000 at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.The second of two facilities under the BOA Credit Agreement is a $13,000 term note payable (Term Loan) which matures on November 18, 2020 with a balloon payment due of $3,867. The Term Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 3.50% (4.88% and 4.73% at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively) per annum and requires monthly payments equal to $155 of principal, plus interest. The principal balance on the Term Loan was $9,130 and $10,988 at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Interest expense on the BOA Term Loan was $491 and $474 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.Other Debt TermsThe Revolver, the Term Loan and the Floor Plan Notes Payable, collectively known as (the BOA Debt) are collateralized by substantially all of the Companys assets, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Security Agreement between the Company and the lender.Lazy Days R.V. Center, Inc. is subject to covenant testing at quarterly intervals, which includes tests on Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio. Additionally, Lazy Days R.V. Center, Inc. is subject to Current Ratio covenant testing at monthly intervals. The financial results of the Lazy Days R.V. Center, Inc. need to pass the covenant levels set at each period end to avoid being in a covenant breach. The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants during the years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016.As of December 31, 2017, the payment of dividends by the Company (other than from proceeds of revolving loans) was permitted pursuant to the terms of the BOA Debt, so long as at the time of the payment of any such dividend, no event of default existed under the BOA Debt or would result from the payment of such dividend, and so long as any such dividend was permitted under the BOA Debt (including any event of default that would result from failure to comply with the current ratio test under the BOA Debt). As of December 31, 2017, the maximum amount of cash dividends that the Company could make, from legally available funds, to its stockholders was limited to $6,620 (pursuant to a calculation as defined in the BOA Credit Agreement and the floor plan facility).M&T Credit FacilityOn March 15, 2018, the Company replaced its existing debt agreements with Bank of America with a $200,000 Senior Secured Credit Facility with the M&T Facility. The M&T Facility includes a $175,000 M&T Floor Plan Line of Credit, a $20,000 M&T Term Loan, and a $5,000 M&T Revolver. The M&T Facility will mature on March 15, 2021. The M&T facility requires the Company to meet certain financial covenants and is secured by substantially all assets of the Company.4545The M&T Floor Plan Line of Credit may be used to finance new vehicle inventory, but only $45,000 may be used to finance pre-owned vehicle inventory and only $4,500 may be used to finance rental units. Principal becomes due upon the sale of the respective vehicle. The M&T Floor Plan Line of Credit shall accrue interest at either (a) the fluctuating 30-day LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin which ranges from 2.00% to 2.30% based upon the Companys total leverage ratio (as defined in the M&T Facility) or (b) the Base Rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.00% to 1.30% based upon the Companys total leverage ratio (as defined in the M&T facility). The Base Rate is defined in the agreement as the highest of M&Ts prime rate, the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50% or one-month LIBOR plus 1.00%. In addition, the Company will be charged for unused commitments at a rate of 0.15%.The M&T Term Loan will be repaid in equal monthly principal instalments of $242 plus accrued interest through the maturity date. At the maturity date, the Company will pay a principal balloon payment of $11,300 plus any accrued interest. The M&T Term Loan shall bear interest at (a) LIBOR plus an applicable margin of 2.25% to 3.00% based on the total leverage ratio (as defined in the agreement) or (b) the Base Rate plus a margin of 1.25% to2.00% based on the total leverage ratio (as defined in the agreement).The M&T Revolver allows the Company to draw up to $5,000. The M&T Revolver shall bear interest at (a) 30-day LIBOR plus an applicable margin of 2.25% to 3.0% based on the total leverage ratio (as defined in the agreement) or (b) the Base Rate plus a margin of 1.25% to 2.00% based on the total leverage ratio (as defined in the agreement). The M&T Revolver is also subject to the unused commitment fees at rates varying from 0.25% to 0.50% based on the total leverage ratio (as defined).4646Contractual and Commercial CommitmentsThe following table sets forth our contractual and commercial commitments as of December 31, 2017:Contractual Obligations Total Year 1 2-3 years 4-5 years More than 5 years Operating Activities Operating lease obligations $7,962 $2,509 $3,956 $1,497 $- Interest on financing liability $52,958 $4,065 $7,973 $7,685 $33,235 Financing activities Contingent liability $667 $667 $- $- $- Long term debt $9,142 $1,870 $7,272 $- $- Financing liability $46,845 $595 $1,629 $2,306 $42,315 Floor plan credit facility $105,207 $105,207 $- $- $- Revolving line of credit $- $- $- $- $-TotalYear 12-3 years4-5 yearsMore than 5 yearsOperating ActivitiesOperating lease obligations $7,962 $2,509 $3,956 $1,497 $-$7,962$2,509$3,956$1,497$-Interest on financing liability $52,958 $4,065 $7,973 $7,685 $33,235$52,958$4,065$7,973$7,685$33,235Financing activitiesContingent liability $667 $667 $- $- $-$667$667$-$-$-Long term debt $9,142 $1,870 $7,272 $- $-$9,142$1,870$7,272$-$-Financing liability $46,845 $595 $1,629 $2,306 $42,315$46,845$595$1,629$2,306$42,315Floor plan credit facility $105,207 $105,207 $- $- $-$105,207$105,207$-$-$-Revolving line of credit $- $- $- $- $-$-$-$-$-$-4747Off-Balance Sheet ArrangementsAs of December 31, 2017, there were no off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.Legal ProceedingsWe are party to numerous legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, the results of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty and an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.InflationAlthough we cannot accurately anticipate the effect of inflation on our operations, we believe that inflation has not had, and is not likely in the foreseeable future to have, a material impact on our results of operations.CyclicalityUnit sales of RV vehicles historically have been cyclical, fluctuating with general economic cycles. During economic downturns, the RV retailing industry tends to experience similar periods of decline and recession as the general economy. We believe that the industry is influenced by general economic conditions and particularly by consumer confidence, the level of personal discretionary spending, fuel prices, interest rates and credit availability.Seasonality and Effects of WeatherOur operations generally experience modestly higher volumes of vehicle sales in the first quarter of each year due in part to consumer buying trends and the hospitable warm climate during the winter months at our largest location (Tampa).Our largest RV dealership is located near Tampa, Florida, which is in close proximity to the Gulf of Mexico. A severe weather event, such as a hurricane, could cause severe damage to our property and inventory. Although we believe we have adequate insurance coverage, if we were to experience a catastrophic loss, we may exceed our policy limits, and/or we may have difficulty obtaining similar insurance coverage in the future.4848CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATESWe prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lazy Days R.V. Center, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Critical accounting policies are those that management believes are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and operating results, and require managements most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We base our estimates on historical experience, outside advice from parties believed to be experts in such matters, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. A complete description of all of our significant accounting policies can be found in Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 8-K. We consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing our consolidated financial statements.Revenue RecognitionWe recognize revenue when the following four criteria are met: (1) delivery has occurred or services rendered; (2) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (3) fees are fixed or determinable, and (4) the collection of related accounts receivable is probable.Revenue from the sale of vehicles is recognized on delivery, transfer of title and completion of financing arrangements. Revenue from parts sales and service is recognized on delivery of the service or product.Revenue from rental of vehicles is recognized pro rata over the period of the rental agreement. The rental agreements are generally short-term in nature. Revenue from rentals is included in part, service, and other revenue on the accompanying statements of income.We receive commissions from the sale of insurance and vehicle service contracts to customers. In addition, we arrange financing for customers through various financial institutions and receives commissions. We may be charged back (charge-backs) for financing fees, insurance or vehicle service contract commissions in the event of early termination of the contracts by the customers. The revenues from financing fees and commissions are recorded at the time of the sale of the vehicles and a provision for future charge-backs is established based on historical operating results and the termination provisions of the applicable contracts.Deposits on vehicles received in advance are accounted for as a liability and recognized into revenue upon completion of each respective transaction.4949ReceivablesWe arrange third-party financing for our customers, as is customary in our industry. Interest is not normally charged on receivables. We establish an allowance for doubtful accounts based on our historic loss experience and current economic conditions. Losses are charged to the allowance when we believe that further collection efforts will not produce additional recoveries.InventoriesVehicle and parts inventories are recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined by the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method. Cost includes purchase costs, reconditioning costs, dealer-installed accessories, and freight. For vehicles accepted in trades, the cost is the fair value of such used vehicles at the time of the trade-in. Retail parts, accessories, and other inventories primarily consist of retail travel and leisure specialty merchandise.Vendor AllowancesAs a component of our consolidated procurement program, we frequently enter into contracts with vendors that provide for payments of rebates. These vendor payments are reflected in the carrying value of the inventory when earned or as progress is made toward earning the rebates and as a component of cost of sales as the inventory is sold. Certain of these vendor contracts provide for rebates that are contingent upon us meeting specified performance measures such as a cumulative level of purchases over a specified period of time. Such contingent rebates are given accounting recognition at the point at which achievement of the specified performance measures are deemed to be probable and reasonably estimable.Goodwill and IntangiblesOur goodwill, trademarks and tradenames are deemed to have indefinite lives, and accordingly are not amortized, but are evaluated at least annually for impairment and more often whenever changes in facts and circumstances may indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units, assigning goodwill to reporting units, and determining the fair value. Significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of reporting units which includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates, consideration of our aggregate fair value, and other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or goodwill impairment.When testing goodwill for impairment, we may assess qualitative factors for some or all of our reporting units to determine whether it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. Alternatively, we may bypass this qualitative assessment for some or all of our reporting units and perform a detailed quantitative test of impairment (step 1). If we perform the detailed quantitative impairment test and the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we would perform an analysis (step 2) to measure such impairment.Other intangible assets include manufacturer relationships and customer database, which are amortized using the straight-line method of their respective useful lives. The customer database is fully amortized.5050Impairment of Long-Lived AssetsWe evaluated the carrying value of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an intangible assets carrying amount may not be recoverable. Such circumstances could include, but are not limited to, (1) a significant decrease in the market value of an asset, (2) a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or (3) an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition of an asset. We measure the carrying amount of the asset against the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with it. Should the sum of the expected future net cash flows be less than the carrying value of the asset being evaluated, an impairment loss would be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value.Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense in the period incurred. Betterments and additions are capitalized. Depreciation of property and equipment is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of the useful life of the asset or the term of the lease.Income TaxesWe account for income taxes under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 740 Income Taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We record a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized as income or loss in the period that includes the enactment date.ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprises financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.Tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return are recorded in our financial statements. A tax benefit from an uncertain tax position is only recognized if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. Uncertain tax positions have had no impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We do not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized tax benefits within twelve months of the reporting date. Our policy is to classify assessments, if any, for tax related interest and penalties as income tax (benefit) expense in the consolidated statements of income.5151RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING GUIDANCEIn July 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, (ASU 2015-11). ASU 2015-11 amends the existing guidance to require that inventory should be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. ASU 2015-11 was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We adopted this guidance on January 1, 2017. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes (ASU 2015-17). The FASB issued ASU 2015-17 as part of its ongoing Simplification Initiative, with the objective of reducing complexity in accounting standards. The amendments in ASU 2015-17 require entities that present a classified balance sheet to classify all deferred tax liabilities and assets as a noncurrent amount. This guidance does not change the offsetting requirements for deferred tax liabilities and assets, which results in the presentation of one amount on the balance sheet. Additionally, the amendments in ASU 2015-17 align the deferred income tax presentation with the requirements in International Accounting Standards (IAS) 1, Presentation of Financial Statements. The amendments in ASU 2015-17 were effective for our financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. We adopted this guidance on January 1, 2017. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (ASU 2016-02). ASU 2016-02 requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from a lease for both financing and operating leases. ASU 2016-02 will also require new qualitative and quantitative disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating ASU 2016-02 and its impact on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Principal versus Agent Considerations, in April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing and in May 9, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (ASU 2016-12). This update provides clarifying guidance regarding the application of ASU No. 2014-09 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers which is not yet effective. These new standards provide for a single, principles-based model for revenue recognition that replaces the existing revenue recognition guidance. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.5252In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (ASU 2016-09). The amendment addresses several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: allowing the accounting policy election to record forfeitures as they occur for employee share-based payments; income tax consequences; classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and classification on the statement of cash flows. This standard was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance on January 1, 2017. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (ASU 2016-15). The amendment addresses several specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to materially impact our consolidated financial statements or results of operations.In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash, a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force (ASU 2016-18). The amendments require that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. Therefore, amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU do not provide a definition of restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to materially impact our consolidated financial statements or results of operations.In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic 805)  Clarifying the Definition of a Business (ASU 2017-01). This ASU clarifies the definition of a business to exclude gross assets acquired (or disposed of) that have substantially all of their fair value concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The ASU also updates the definition of the term output to be consistent with ASC Topic No. 606. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted, and we adopted ASU 2017-01 as of January 1, 2017. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (ASU 2017-04). ASU 2017-04 eliminates Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Under the amendments in ASU 2017-04, an entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value; however, the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.5353In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): (ASU 2017-09). ASU 2017-09 provides clarity on the accounting for modifications of stock-based awards. ASU 2017-09 requires adoption on a prospective basis in the annual and interim periods for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2019 for share-based payment awards modified on or after the adoption date. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.In September 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-13, Revenue Recognition (Topic 605), Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Leases (Topic 840), and Leases (Topic 842). This ASU adds Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) paragraphs pursuant to the SEC Staff Announcement at the July 20, 2017 Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) meeting. The July announcement addresses Transition Related to ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), and No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). This Update also supersedes SEC paragraphs pursuant to the rescission of SEC Staff Announcement, Accounting for Management Fees Based on a Formula, effective upon the initial adoption of Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and SEC Staff Announcement, Lessor Consideration of Third-Party Value Guarantees, effective upon the initial adoption of Topic 842, Leases. The amendments in this Update also rescind three SEC Observer Comments effective upon the initial adoption of Topic 842. One SEC Staff Observer comment is being moved to Topic 842. This standard is required to be implemented effective January 1, 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.In November 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-14, Income StatementReporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220), Revenue Recognition (Topic 605), and Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which amends certain aspects of the new revenue recognition standard. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.As a result of the Mergers described above, on March 15, 2018, we became a wholly owned subsidiary of Lazydays Holdings Inc., a public entity. Lazydays Holdings, Inc. qualifies as an emerging growth company pursuant to the provision of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain new accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. Lazydays Holdings, Inc. has elected to take advantage of the extended transition period provided by the JOBS Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. The effective dates detailed above reflect the effective dates available to emerging growth companies under the JOBS act.Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and ManagementThe following table sets forth information as of the Closing regarding the beneficial ownership of the Holdco Shares by: Each person known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of Holdcos outstanding shares of common stock;  Each director and each of Holdcos principal executive officers and two other most highly compensated executive officers (named executive officers); and  All current executive officers and directors as a group.Each person known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of Holdcos outstanding shares of common stock; Each director and each of Holdcos principal executive officers and two other most highly compensated executive officers (named executive officers); andEach director and each of Holdcos principal executive officers and two other most highly compensated executive officers (named executive officers); and All current executive officers and directors as a group.All current executive officers and directors as a group.Unless otherwise indicated, Holdco believes that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.5454Name of Beneficial Owners(1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (Common Stock) Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (Series A Preferred Stock) Approximate Percentage of Series A Preferred Stock % of Total Voting Power Directors and Executive Officers William Murnane(2) 212,525 2.5% - - 1.5% Maura Berney(3) 8,989 * - - * Christopher S. Shackelton(4) 496,894 5.5% 500,000 83.3% 36.6% James J. Fredlake(5) - * - - * Bryan T. Rich, Jr.(5) - * - - * Jordan Gnat(5) - * - - * Jerry Comstock(5) 5,736 * - - * B. Luke Weil(6) 457,663 5.4% - - 3.2% Erika Serow(5) - * - - * All directors and executive officers as a group (Post-Business Combination) (9 persons) 1,181,807 13.4% 500,000 83.3% 41.2% 5% or Greater Stockholders Wayzata Investment Partners LLC(7) 2,359,905 27.9% - - 16.3% Park West Investors Master Fund, Limited(8) 1,613,319 17.3% 88,954 14.8% 16.3% Common Pension Fund D(9) 731,627 8.6% - - 5.1% Nokomis Capital Master Fund, L.P.(10) 2,185,713 21.3% - - 13.5% Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P.(11) 363,241 4.1% 365,511 60.9% 27.0% Park West Partners International, Limited(12) 200,345 2.3% 11,046 1.8% 2.1% Blackwell Partners LLC - Series A(11) 133,653 1.6% 134,489 22.4% 10.1%Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (Common Stock)Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary SharesAmount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (Series A Preferred Stock)Approximate Percentage of Series A Preferred Stock% of Total Voting PowerDirectors and Executive OfficersWilliam Murnane(2) 212,525 2.5% - - 1.5%212,5252.5%--1.5%Maura Berney(3) 8,989 * - - *8,989*--*Christopher S. Shackelton(4) 496,894 5.5% 500,000 83.3% 36.6%496,8945.5%500,00083.3%36.6%James J. Fredlake(5) - * - - *-*--*Bryan T. Rich, Jr.(5) - * - - *-*--*Jordan Gnat(5) - * - - *-*--*Jerry Comstock(5) 5,736 * - - *5,736*--*B. Luke Weil(6) 457,663 5.4% - - 3.2%457,6635.4%--3.2%Erika Serow(5) - * - - *-*--*All directors and executive officers as a group (Post-Business Combination) (9 persons) 1,181,807 13.4% 500,000 83.3% 41.2%1,181,80713.4%500,00083.3%41.2%5% or Greater StockholdersWayzata Investment Partners LLC(7) 2,359,905 27.9% - - 16.3%2,359,90527.9%--16.3%Park West Investors Master Fund, Limited(8) 1,613,319 17.3% 88,954 14.8% 16.3%1,613,31917.3%88,95414.8%16.3%Common Pension Fund D(9) 731,627 8.6% - - 5.1%731,6278.6%--5.1%Nokomis Capital Master Fund, L.P.(10) 2,185,713 21.3% - - 13.5%2,185,71321.3%--13.5%Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P.(11) 363,241 4.1% 365,511 60.9% 27.0%363,2414.1%365,51160.9%27.0%Park West Partners International, Limited(12) 200,345 2.3% 11,046 1.8% 2.1%200,3452.3%11,0461.8%2.1%Blackwell Partners LLC - Series A(11) 133,653 1.6% 134,489 22.4% 10.1%133,6531.6%134,48922.4%10.1%* Less than 1 percentFootnotes1. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Lazydays Holdings, Inc., 6130 Lazy Days Blvd., Seffner, Florida 33584. 2. Includes 57,154 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable. Does not include options to purchase an aggregate of 1,458,414 shares issued after closing that do not vest within 60 days. 3. Does not include options to purchase an aggregate of 583,366 shares issued after closing that do not vest within 60 days. 4. Represents shares held by Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P. (CCP) and Blackwell Partners LLC  Series A. See footnote 11 below. Includes 496,894 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable.Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Lazydays Holdings, Inc., 6130 Lazy Days Blvd., Seffner, Florida 33584.2. Includes 57,154 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable. Does not include options to purchase an aggregate of 1,458,414 shares issued after closing that do not vest within 60 days.Includes 57,154 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable. Does not include options to purchase an aggregate of 1,458,414 shares issued after closing that do not vest within 60 days.3. Does not include options to purchase an aggregate of 583,366 shares issued after closing that do not vest within 60 days.Does not include options to purchase an aggregate of 583,366 shares issued after closing that do not vest within 60 days.4. Represents shares held by Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P. (CCP) and Blackwell Partners LLC  Series A. See footnote 11 below. Includes 496,894 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable.Represents shares held by Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P. (CCP) and Blackwell Partners LLC  Series A. See footnote 11 below. Includes 496,894 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable.55555. Does not include options to purchase an aggregate of 14,218 shares issued after closing that do not vest within 60 days. 6. Includes 37,000 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable. Does not include options to purchase an aggregate of 14,218 shares issued after closing that do not vest within 60 days. 7. Represents the aggregate shareholdings of Wayzata Opportunities Fund II, L.P. and Wayzata Opportunities Fund Offshore II, L.P., which are advised by Wayzata Investment Partners LLC. The address for such stockholders is c/o Wayzata Investment Partners LLC, 701 East Lake Street, Suite 300, Wayzata, Minnesota 55391. 8. The business address of (a) Park West Investors Master Fund, Limited and (b) Park West Partners International, Limited is 900 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 165, Larkspur, CA 94939. The percentage of total voting power includes shares that consist of: (i) with respect to Park West Investors Master Fund, Limited (a) 884,014 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 88,954 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (b) 596,707 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable and (c) 266,612 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of pre-funded warrants that are currently exercisable; (ii) with respect to Park West Partners International, Limited, (a) 109,773 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 11,046 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (b) 74,100 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable and (c) 33,745 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of pre-funded warrants that are currently exercisable. 9. The business address of Common Pension Fund D is 50 West State St., 9th Floor, Trenton, New Jersey 08608. 10. The business address of Nokomis Capital Master Fund, L.P. is 2305 Cedar Springs Road, #420, Dallas, TX 75201. Includes 728,571 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable and 1,039,142 shares underlying pre-funded warrants that are currently exercisable. 11. The common stock beneficially owned is held, in the amounts set forth in the table, directly by (a) CCP, an investment limited partnership of which Coliseum Capital, LLC (CC) is general partner and for which Coliseum Capital Management, LLC (CCM) serves as investment adviser and (b) Blackwell Partners LLC - Series A, a separate account investment advisory client of CCM (the Separate Account). The percentage of total voting power includes the shares that consist of: (i) with respect to the CCP (a) 3,632,407 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 365,511 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (b) 363,241 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable; (ii) with respect to the Separate Account, 1,336,537 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 134,489 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (b) 133,653 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable. Christopher Shackelton (Shackelton) and Adam Gray (Gray) are managers of and have an ownership interest in each of CCM and CC and may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares of our capital stock owned by each of CCP and the Separate Account. The address for each of the CCP, CC, CCM, the Separate Account, Gray and Shackelton is 105 Rowayton Avenue, Norwalk CT 06853.Does not include options to purchase an aggregate of 14,218 shares issued after closing that do not vest within 60 days.6. Includes 37,000 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable. Does not include options to purchase an aggregate of 14,218 shares issued after closing that do not vest within 60 days.Includes 37,000 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable. Does not include options to purchase an aggregate of 14,218 shares issued after closing that do not vest within 60 days.7. Represents the aggregate shareholdings of Wayzata Opportunities Fund II, L.P. and Wayzata Opportunities Fund Offshore II, L.P., which are advised by Wayzata Investment Partners LLC. The address for such stockholders is c/o Wayzata Investment Partners LLC, 701 East Lake Street, Suite 300, Wayzata, Minnesota 55391.Represents the aggregate shareholdings of Wayzata Opportunities Fund II, L.P. and Wayzata Opportunities Fund Offshore II, L.P., which are advised by Wayzata Investment Partners LLC. The address for such stockholders is c/o Wayzata Investment Partners LLC, 701 East Lake Street, Suite 300, Wayzata, Minnesota 55391.8. The business address of (a) Park West Investors Master Fund, Limited and (b) Park West Partners International, Limited is 900 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 165, Larkspur, CA 94939. The percentage of total voting power includes shares that consist of: (i) with respect to Park West Investors Master Fund, Limited (a) 884,014 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 88,954 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (b) 596,707 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable and (c) 266,612 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of pre-funded warrants that are currently exercisable; (ii) with respect to Park West Partners International, Limited, (a) 109,773 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 11,046 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (b) 74,100 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable and (c) 33,745 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of pre-funded warrants that are currently exercisable.The business address of (a) Park West Investors Master Fund, Limited and (b) Park West Partners International, Limited is 900 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 165, Larkspur, CA 94939. The percentage of total voting power includes shares that consist of: (i) with respect to Park West Investors Master Fund, Limited (a) 884,014 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 88,954 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (b) 596,707 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable and (c) 266,612 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of pre-funded warrants that are currently exercisable; (ii) with respect to Park West Partners International, Limited, (a) 109,773 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 11,046 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (b) 74,100 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable and (c) 33,745 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of pre-funded warrants that are currently exercisable.9. The business address of Common Pension Fund D is 50 West State St., 9th Floor, Trenton, New Jersey 08608.The business address of Common Pension Fund D is 50 West State St., 9th Floor, Trenton, New Jersey 08608.10. The business address of Nokomis Capital Master Fund, L.P. is 2305 Cedar Springs Road, #420, Dallas, TX 75201. Includes 728,571 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable and 1,039,142 shares underlying pre-funded warrants that are currently exercisable.The business address of Nokomis Capital Master Fund, L.P. is 2305 Cedar Springs Road, #420, Dallas, TX 75201. Includes 728,571 shares underlying warrants that are currently exercisable and 1,039,142 shares underlying pre-funded warrants that are currently exercisable.11. The common stock beneficially owned is held, in the amounts set forth in the table, directly by (a) CCP, an investment limited partnership of which Coliseum Capital, LLC (CC) is general partner and for which Coliseum Capital Management, LLC (CCM) serves as investment adviser and (b) Blackwell Partners LLC - Series A, a separate account investment advisory client of CCM (the Separate Account). The percentage of total voting power includes the shares that consist of: (i) with respect to the CCP (a) 3,632,407 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 365,511 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (b) 363,241 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable; (ii) with respect to the Separate Account, 1,336,537 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 134,489 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (b) 133,653 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable. Christopher Shackelton (Shackelton) and Adam Gray (Gray) are managers of and have an ownership interest in each of CCM and CC and may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares of our capital stock owned by each of CCP and the Separate Account. The address for each of the CCP, CC, CCM, the Separate Account, Gray and Shackelton is 105 Rowayton Avenue, Norwalk CT 06853.The common stock beneficially owned is held, in the amounts set forth in the table, directly by (a) CCP, an investment limited partnership of which Coliseum Capital, LLC (CC) is general partner and for which Coliseum Capital Management, LLC (CCM) serves as investment adviser and (b) Blackwell Partners LLC - Series A, a separate account investment advisory client of CCM (the Separate Account). The percentage of total voting power includes the shares that consist of: (i) with respect to the CCP (a) 3,632,407 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 365,511 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (b) 363,241 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable; (ii) with respect to the Separate Account, 1,336,537 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the conversion of 134,489 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (b) 133,653 shares of common stock that could be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of warrants that are currently exercisable. Christopher Shackelton (Shackelton) and Adam Gray (Gray) are managers of and have an ownership interest in each of CCM and CC and may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares of our capital stock owned by each of CCP and the Separate Account. The address for each of the CCP, CC, CCM, the Separate Account, Gray and Shackelton is 105 Rowayton Avenue, Norwalk CT 06853.5656Directors and Executive OfficersHoldcos directors and executive officers upon the Closing are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus/Information Statement in the section entitled The Director Election Proposal  Information about Executive Officers, Directors and Nominees beginning on page 97 and that information is incorporated herein by reference.Executive CompensationThe executive compensation of Andinas, Lazydays and Holdcos executive officers and directors is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus/Information Statement in the section entitled The Director Election Proposal  Executive Compensation beginning on page 101 and that information is incorporated herein by reference.Legal ProceedingsReference is made to the disclosure regarding legal proceedings in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus/Information Statement entitled Business of Lazydays  Legal Proceedings beginning on page 148, which is incorporated herein by reference.Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder MattersThe Holdco Shares began trading on Nasdaq under the symbol LAZY on March 16, 2018. Holdco has not paid any cash dividends on its shares of common stock to date. It is the present intention of Holdcos board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in Holdcos business operations and, accordingly, Holdcos board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends is within the discretion of Holdcos board of directors and will be contingent upon Holdcos future revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. It will also be subject to the dividend rights of the Series A Preferred Stock and the consent of holders of Series A Preferred Stock who hold a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.Information respecting Andinas ordinary shares, rights, warrants and units and related shareholder matters are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus/Information Statement in the section entitled Price Range of Andina Securities and Dividends on page 179 and such information is incorporated herein by reference.Description of Registrants SecuritiesThe description of Holdco securities is contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus/Information Statement in the section entitled Description of Holdco Securities beginning on page 176 and is incorporated herein by reference.Recent Sales of Unregistered SecuritiesReference is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 3.02 of this Report concerning the issuance of Holdco Shares in the Mergers, which is incorporated herein by reference.Financial Statements and Supplementary DataReference is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 9.01 of this Report concerning the financial statements and supplementary data of Holdco, Lazydays and affiliates.5757Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On December 6, 2018, Lazydays Holdings, Inc. (Lazydays or the Company) completed its previously announced asset purchase with Tennessee RV Sales and Service, LLC (Tennessee RV or the Seller). The assets and liabilities purchased consisted primarily of inventory, accounts receivable, equipment, accounts payable, floor plan liabilities, and the certificates, permits, approvals and licenses pertaining to the dealership properties.The total consideration paid for the net acquired assets was $24.7 million consisting of cash, the acquisition of the floor plan liabilities, and a note due to the owners of Tennessee RV (the Seller Note). The Seller Note of approximately $4.1 million accrues interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum, and in the case of an event of default, increases to 8.0% per annum until the event of default is cured. Pursuant to the terms of the Seller Note, the Company shall make monthly payments of principal and interest of approximately $0.1 million through the fourth anniversary of the Seller Note at which time all accrued principal and interest shall be due and payable. Additionally, the purchase price is subject to a final net working capital adjustment after the closing date. If the final net working capital adjustment exceeds the estimated net working capital adjustment, the Company shall pay to the Seller such excess and if the final net working capital adjustment is less than the estimated net working capital adjustment, the amount of such deficiency will be set-off against the next required payment under the Seller Note.
Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn December 29, 2017 at 5:00 p.m., New York City time (the Distribution Date), Liberty Global plc (the Company) completed its previously-announced split-off (the Split-Off) of its former wholly-owned subsidiary Liberty Latin America Ltd. (Splitco).Distribution Date), Liberty Global plc (the Company) completed its previously-announced split-off (the Split-Off) of its former wholly-owned subsidiary Liberty Latin America Ltd. (Splitco).The Split-Off was accomplished by (i) the distribution by the Company to holders of its LiLAC ordinary shares of all of Splticos common shares and (ii) immediately following the distribution, the LiLAC ordinary shares were redesignated as deferred shares (with virtually no economic rights) and those deferred shares were transferred for no consideration to a third-party designee, in each case, in accordance with the Companys articles of association and applicable law. Pursuant to the Split-Off, the Company distributed to holders of its LiLAC ordinary shares, as a dividend, (i) one Class A common share, par value $0.01 per share, of Splitco for each Class A LiLAC ordinary share, (ii) one Class B common share, par value $0.01 per share, of Splitco for each Class B LiLAC ordinary share and (iii) one Class C common share, par value $0.01 per share, of Splitco for each Class C LiLAC ordinary share, in each case, held by such holder as of the Distribution Date (the Distribution). As a result of the Split-Off, Splitco is an independent, publicly traded company and its assets and liabilities consist of the businesses, assets and liabilities that were formerly attributed to the Companys LiLAC Group, including Cable & Wireless Communications Limited, VTR.com SpA, a 60% ownership interest in Liberty Cablevision of Puerto Rico LLC and related cash and cash equivalents and indebtedness.). As a result of the Split-Off, Splitco is an independent, publicly traded company and its assets and liabilities consist of the businesses, assets and liabilities that were formerly attributed to the Companys LiLAC Group, including Cable & Wireless Communications Limited, VTR.com SpA, a 60% ownership interest in Liberty Cablevision of Puerto Rico LLC and related cash and cash equivalents and indebtedness.In connection with the Split-Off, the Company entered into a Reorganization Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, between the Company and Splitco, which provides for, among other things, the principal corporate transactions (including the internal restructuring) required to effect the Split-Off, certain conditions to the Split-Off and provisions governing the relationship between the Company and Splitco with respect to and resulting from the Split-Off.The section of the prospectus forming a part of Amendment No. 1 to Splitcos Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2017 (File No. 333-221608), entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions-Relationships Between Splitco and Liberty Global, which describes the material terms of the Reorganization Agreement, is incorporated herein by reference. This description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Reorganization Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions-Relationships Between Splitco and Liberty Global, which describes the material terms of the Reorganization Agreement, is incorporated herein by reference. This description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Reorganization Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn December 29, 2017, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time (the Distribution Date), Liberty Global plc (Liberty Global) completed its previously announced split-off (the Split-Off) of its former wholly-owned subsidiary Liberty Latin America Ltd. (the Company).The Split-Off was accomplished by (i) the distribution by Liberty Global to holders of its LiLAC ordinary shares of all of the Companys common shares and (ii) immediately following the distribution, the LiLAC ordinary shares were redesignated as deferred shares (with virtually no economic rights) and those deferred shares were transferred for no consideration to a third-party designee, in each case, in accordance with Liberty Globals articles of association and applicable law. Pursuant to the Split-Off, Liberty Global distributed to holders of its LiLAC ordinary shares, as a dividend, (i) one Class A common share, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company for each Class A LiLAC ordinary share, (ii) one Class B common share, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company for each Class B LiLAC ordinary share and (iii) one Class C common share, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company for each Class C LiLAC ordinary share, in each case, held by such holder as of the Distribution Date. In the Split-Off, 48,428,841 Class A common shares, 1,940,193 Class B common shares and 120,843,539 Class C common shares of the Company were issued. As a result of the Split-Off, the Company is an independent, publicly traded company and its assets and liabilities consist of the businesses, assets and liabilities that were formerly attributed to Liberty Globals LiLAC Group, including Cable & Wireless Communications Limited, VTR.com SpA, a 60% ownership interest in Liberty Cablevision of Puerto Rico LLC and related cash and cash equivalents and indebtedness.Several agreements were entered into in connection with the Split-Off (the Split-Off Agreements) between the Company, Liberty Global and/or certain of their respective subsidiaries. The following summarizes the material agreements: a Reorganization Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, which provides for, among other things, the principal corporate transactions (including the internal restructuring) required to effect the Split-Off, certain conditions to the Split-Off and provisions governing the relationship between Liberty Global and the Company with respect to and resulting from the Split-Off;a Reorganization Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, which provides for, among other things, the principal corporate transactions (including the internal restructuring) required to effect the Split-Off, certain conditions to the Split-Off and provisions governing the relationship between Liberty Global and the Company with respect to and resulting from the Split-Off; a Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, which governs the parties respective rights, responsibilities and obligations with respect to taxes and tax benefits, the filing of tax returns, the control of audits and other tax matters;a Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, which governs the parties respective rights, responsibilities and obligations with respect to taxes and tax benefits, the filing of tax returns, the control of audits and other tax matters; a Services Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, pursuant to which, for up to two years following the Split-Off, with the option to renew for a one-year period, Liberty Global will provide the Company with specified services, including access to Liberty Globals procurement team and tools to leverage scale and take advantage of joint purchasing opportunities, certain management services, other services to support the Companys legal, tax, accounting and finance departments, and certain technical and information technology services (including software development services associated with the Horizon platform, management information systems, computer, data storage, and network and telecommunications services);a Services Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, pursuant to which, for up to two years following the Split-Off, with the option to renew for a one-year period, Liberty Global will provide the Company with specified services, including access to Liberty Globals procurement team and tools to leverage scale and take advantage of joint purchasing opportunities, certain management services, other services to support the Companys legal, tax, accounting and finance departments, and certain technical and information technology services (including software development services associated with the Horizon platform, management information systems, computer, data storage, and network and telecommunications services); a Sublease Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, pursuant to which the Company will sublease office space from Liberty Global in Denver, Colorado until May 31, 2031, subject to customary termination and notice provisions; anda Sublease Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, pursuant to which the Company will sublease office space from Liberty Global in Denver, Colorado until May 31, 2031, subject to customary termination and notice provisions; and a Facilities Sharing Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, pursuant to which, for as long as the sublease described above remains in effect, the Company will pay a fee for the usage of certain facilities at the office space in Denver, Colorado.a Facilities Sharing Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, pursuant to which, for as long as the sublease described above remains in effect, the Company will pay a fee for the usage of certain facilities at the office space in Denver, Colorado.1The section of the prospectus (the Prospectus) forming a part of Amendment No. 1 to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2017 (File No. 333-221608), entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsRelationships Between Splitco and Liberty Global, which describes the material terms of the Split-Off Agreements, is incorporated herein by reference. These descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Split-Off Agreements, which are filed as Exhibits 2.1, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On December 29, 2017, LiveXLive Media, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), LXL Music Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Acquisition Sub), and Slacker, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Slacker), completed the previously announced merger of Acquisition Sub with and into Slacker, with Slacker surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger). The Merger was effected pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 25, 2017, by and among the Company, Acquisition Sub, Slacker and Fortis Advisors LLC, in its capacity as the substitute stockholders agent in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, as amended on September 28, 2017, October 30, 2017, December 5, 2017 and December 15, 2017 (as amended, the Merger Agreement).Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), (i) all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Slacker were converted into the right to receive an aggregate of 6,126,778 shares of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), (ii) 1,675,893 shares of the Companys Common Stock were issued to payoff Slackers Convertible Promissory Notes, which includes payoff of the Incremental Stockholder Loan and additional shares issuable by the Company in connection therewith (each as defined in the Merger Agreement), based on the offering price of $4.00 in the Companys underwritten public offering consummated on December 27, 2017, and (iii) approximately $2,350,000 was paid by the Company to payoff the Transaction Expenses (as defined in the Merger Agreement) as of the closing of the Merger. After giving effect to the purchase price adjustments, payment of Transaction Expenses by the Company and payment of $150,000 by the Company with respect to stockholders agent fees and expenses, which amounts are held in escrow, no cash was paid by the Company to the holders of Slackers capital stock at the closing of the Merger. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company did not assume any outstanding warrants and options to acquire any shares of capital stock of Slacker and such securities were terminated and cancelled in connection with the Merger. No fractional shares of Common Stock were issued in connection with the Merger. Instead, any fraction of the Companys Common Stock due under the Merger Agreement were rounded down to the nearest whole share in accordance with the Merger Agreement.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 31, 2017, Amendment No. 1 to the Merger Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2017, which was attached as Exhibit 2.2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 5, 2017, Amendment No. 2 to the Merger Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2017, which was attached as Exhibit 2.3 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 3, 2017, Amendment No. 3 to the Merger Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2017, which was attached as Exhibit 2.4 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 26, 2017, and Amendment No. 4 to the Merger Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2017, which was attached as Exhibit 2.7 to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, Amendment No. 6, filed with the SEC on December 21, 2017, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 20, 2018, LogMeIn, Inc. (the Company) and certain of its subsidiaries completed the sale of its Xively business to Google LLC and Google Ireland Holdings Unlimited Company (the Google Entities), pursuant to the terms of an Asset Purchase Agreement dated February 9, 2018 by and among the Company, LogMeIn USA, Inc., LogMeIn Ireland Holding Company Limited, LogMeIn Ireland Limited, LogMeIn KFT and the Google Entities (the Agreement). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Google Entities purchased certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of the Xively business for approximately $50 million in cash, $7.5 million of which will be held by Google for a period of eighteen (18) months as an exclusive security in the event of the Companys breach of any of the representations and warranties made by the Company in the Agreement.


Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On March 1, 2018, Marathon Oil Corporation completed the sale of its subsidiary, Marathon Oil Libya Limited, which holds the Companys 16.33 percent non-operated interest in the Waha concessions in Libya, to a subsidiary of Total S.A. (Elf Aquitaine SAS) for cash consideration of $450 million. The effective date of the transaction is January 1, 2018.16.33percent non-operated interest in the Waha concessions in Libya, to a subsidiary of Total S.A. (Elf Aquitaine SAS) for cash consideration of$450 million. The effective date of the transaction is January 1, 2018.Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 5, 2018, The Medicines Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company), completed the previously disclosed sale of its infectious disease business (the "Business"), including the products Vabomere, Orbactiv and Minocin IV and line extensions thereof, and substantially all of the assets related thereto, other than certain pre-clinical assets, to Melinta Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Melinta) pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated November 28, 2017 (the Purchase Agreement) by and between Melinta and the Company (the "Transaction"). At the closing of the Transaction, the Company received approximately $166.4 million and 3,313,702 shares of Melinta common stock having a market value, based on Melinta's closing share price on January 5, 2018 of approximately $54.5 million. In addition, the Company is entitled to receive (i) a cash payment payable 12 months following the closing of the Transaction equal to $25 million; (ii) a cash payment payable 18 months following the closing of the Transaction equal to $25 million; and (iii) tiered royalty payments of 5% to 25% on worldwide net sales of (a) Vabomere and (b) Orbactiv and Minocin IV collectively. The consideration for the Transaction also included the assumption by Melinta of all royalty, milestone and other payment obligations relating to Vabomere, Orbactiv and Minocin IV. The full text of the press release issued by the Company in connection with the closing of the Transaction is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.5, 2018, The Medicines Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company), completed the previously disclosed sale of its infectious disease business (the "Business"), including the products Vabomere, Orbactiv and Minocin IV and line extensions thereof, and substantially all of the assets related thereto, other than certain pre-clinical assets, to Melinta Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Melinta) pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated November 28, 2017 (the Purchase Agreement) by and between Melinta and the Company (the "Transaction"). At the closing of the Transaction, the Company received approximately$166.4 million and 3,313,702 shares of Melinta common stock having a market value, based on Melinta's closing share price on January 5, 2018 of approximately $54.5 million. In addition, the Company is entitled to receive (i) a cash payment payable 12 months following the closing of the Transaction equal to $25 million; (ii) a cash payment payable 18 months following the closing of the Transaction equal to $25 million; and (iii) tiered royalty payments of 5% to 25% on worldwide net sales of (a) Vabomere and (b) Orbactiv and Minocin IV collectively. The consideration for the Transaction also included the assumption by Melinta of all royalty, milestone and other payment obligations relating to Vabomere, Orbactiv and Minocin IV. The full text of the press release issued by the Company in connection with the closing of the Transaction is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.In connection with the completion of the sale of the Business, the Company is filing as Exhibit 99.2 hereto certain pro forma financial information giving pro forma effect to the sale of the Business as of the dates indicated therein.Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired from Seller the capital stock of the Transferred Subsidiaries and the Products and line extensions thereof. Certain assets and obligations related to the Transferred Subsidiaries, including the research and development of Oravance, Omnivance, the pre-clinical polymyxin programs and the programs being conducted at Sellers San Diego facilities were specifically excluded from the infectious disease business purchased by the Company. The purchase price payable under the Purchase Agreement consisted of (i) a payment by the Company to Seller of $165 million in cash and the issuance to the Seller of 3,313,702 shares of Common Stock, which was calculated by taking $50 million, divided by $15.08886, representing 90% of the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the trailing 10 trading day period ending 3 trading days prior to the Closing Date; and (ii) the assumption of certain liabilities related to the acquired business; and will consist of (iii) a payment by the Company to Seller of $25 million following each of the twelve and eighteen month anniversaries of the closing date, and (iv) royalties on annual net sales of the Products as follows: U.S. net sales of Vabomere:U.S. net sales of Vabomere: On net sales above $50 million and at or below $100 million = 5.0%On net sales above $50 million and at or below $100 million = 5.0% On net sales above $100 million and at or below $200 million = 7.5%On net sales above $100 million and at or below $200 million = 7.5% On net sales above $200 million and at or below $500 million = 15.0%On net sales above $200 million and at or below $500 million = 15.0% On net sales above $500 million = 25%On net sales above $500 million = 25% U.S. combined net sales of Minocin IV and OrbactivU.S. combined net sales of Minocin IV and Orbactiv On net sales at or below $100 million = 5.0%On net sales at or below $100 million = 5.0% On net sales above $100 million = 15.0%On net sales above $100 million = 15.0% Ex-U.S. net sales of Vabomere, Orbactiv and Minocin IVEx-U.S. net sales of Vabomere, Orbactiv and Minocin IV On all net sales, including all milestone and royalty payments or other consideration received from ex-U.S. transfers of rights with respect to the products = 15.0%On all net sales, including all milestone and royalty payments or other consideration received from ex-U.S. transfers of rights with respect to the products = 15.0%The Purchase Agreement contains certain representations and warranties made by Seller with respect to Seller, the Transferred Subsidiaries and the purchased assets. The Purchase Agreement includes an indemnity from Seller for breaches of representations, warranties and covenants and in respect of the excluded assets and the excluded liabilities. Sellers indemnity obligations are subject to specified limitations described in the Purchase Agreement.Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement and certain ancillary agreements, Seller will provide certain transition services to the Company to facilitate the transition of the supply, sale and distribution of the Products in exchange for agreed upon compensation.The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, which was previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 1, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.As of January 8, 2018, after giving effect to the closing of the Acquisition and related financing transactions described in this Form 8-K, there were approximately 31,325,451 shares of Common Stock outstanding.Termination of Oberland FacilityOn January 5, 2018, Melinta Subsidiary Corp. terminated its obligations under that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2017, by and among Melinta Subsidiary Corp. (under its prior name of Melinta Therapeutics, Inc.), the financial institutions party thereto, and Suchard SA, LLC, in its capacity as collateral agent for the lenders thereunder. This required a one-time payment of $42,195,833.33, whereupon Suchard SA, LLC released all liens on Melinta Subsidiary Corp.s property and assets.- 6 -


Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsAs previously reported, on December 21, 2017, Mercury Systems, Inc. (Mercury) and Thunderbird Merger Sub, Inc., a newly formed, wholly-owned subsidiary of Mercury (the Merger Sub), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with Ceres Systems (Ceres), the holding company that owns Themis Computer (Themis, and together with Ceres, collectively the Acquired Company), and Ronald Buckly and Andrew Swart, as the shareholders representatives. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Merger Sub will merge with and into Ceres with Ceres continuing as the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mercury (the Merger). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the merger consideration (including payments with respect to outstanding stock options) consisted of an all cash purchase price of $180.0 million, without interest. The merger consideration is subject to post-closing adjustments based on a determination of closing net working capital, transaction expenses and net debt (all as defined in the Merger Agreement).On February 1, 2018, the transaction closed with Mercury acquiring both Ceres and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Themis. Mercury drew $195 million on its existing $400 million revolving credit facility to facilitate the closing of the acquisition, with the higher amount reflecting an estimated adjustment for working capital, including cash, expected to be received with the acquired company at closing.The Merger Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K filed and is in incorporated herein by reference.Item 2.04 Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The disclosure under the Introductory Note is incorporated herein by reference. The Offer and all withdrawal rights thereunder expired at one minute after 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time) on January 30, 2018. The Offer was not extended. Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the depositary for the Offer, has advised that, as of the expiration of the Offer, a total of 66,251,255 Shares (not including 1,995,909 Shares tendered by notice of guaranteed delivery for which Shares have not yet been delivered) have been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, representing approximately 65.87% of the outstanding Shares. The number of Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer (excluding Shares tendered by notice of guaranteed delivery) satisfied the Minimum Condition (as defined in the Merger Agreement). All conditions to the Offer having been satisfied, Purchaser has accepted for payment all Shares that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer.Following consummation of the Offer, the remaining conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement to the Merger were satisfied. On January 31, 2018, Meredith completed its acquisition of Time by consummating the Merger, without a meeting of stockholders of Time, in accordance with Section 251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL).At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than (i) Shares that were owned, directly or indirectly, by Meredith, Time (including Shares held as treasury stock or otherwise) or Purchaser, (ii) Shares held by a holder who had not tendered in the Offer and has properly exercised appraisal rights in respect of such Shares in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL, and (iii) Shares purchased in the Offer) was canceled and automatically converted into the right to receive the Offer Consideration.The foregoing description of the Offer, the Merger and the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Meredith with the SEC on November 27, 2017 and which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 16, 2017, Merit Medical Systems, Inc. ("Merit") entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Becton, Dickinson and Company (BD), pursuant to which Merit proposed to acquire from BD various assets related to (i) a tunneled home drainage catheter product line then owned by C.R. Bard, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (Bard) and (ii) a soft tissue core needle biopsy product line owned by BD (collectively, the Corfu-Rhodes Product Lines) exchange for a purchase price of $100 million, subject to adjustment for fluctuations in the value of transferred inventory. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, on February 14, 2018, Merit closed the acquisition of the Corfu-Rhodes Product Lines.The purchased assets include the soft tissue core needle biopsy products marketed under the trade names of Achieve Programmable Automatic Biopsy System, Temno Biopsy System, and Tru-Cut Biopsy Needles previously sold by BD, as well as the Aspira Pleural Effusion Drainage Kits and the Aspira Peritoneal Drainage System previously sold by Bard.Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking StatementsThis Current Report, including the exhibit hereto, contains statements which are not purely historical, including, without limitation, statements regarding Merits forecasted plans, revenues, net income, financial results, operating margin, cash flow, facility utilization or sales efficiencies with respect to the acquisition of the Corfu-Rhodes Product Lines. Such statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are subject to risks and uncertainties such as those described in Merits Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such risks and uncertainties include the following: Merits potential inability to successfully manage the completed acquisition and achieve anticipated financial results, facilities utilization and other anticipated benefits; uncertainties as to whether Merit will achieve sales, gross margin, cash flow and profitability results from the acquired assets which are comparable to the experience of BD and Bard; unknown costs and risks associated with the acquired assets; governmental scrutiny and regulation of the medical device industry, including governmental inquiries, investigations and proceedings involving Merit or the acquired assets; how the occurrence of any unanticipated event or cost in connection with the completed transaction may affect Merits ability to comply with debt covenants; infringement of acquired technology or the assertion that acquired technology infringes the rights of other parties; the potential of fines, penalties or other adverse consequences if Merits employees or agents violate the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other laws or regulations; laws and regulations targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry; potential for significant adverse changes in governing regulations; changes in tax laws and regulations in the United States or other countries; increases in the prices of commodity components; negative changes in economic and industry conditions in the United States or other countries; termination or interruption of relationships with Merits suppliers, or failure of such suppliers to perform, in each case including acquired supplier relationships; the effects of fluctuations in exchange rates on projected financial results; development of new products and technology that could render Merits existing or acquired products obsolete; changes in healthcare policies or markets related to healthcare reform initiatives; failure to comply with applicable environmental laws; changes in key personnel; work stoppage or transportation risks; price and product competition; availability of labor and materials; fluctuations in and obsolescence of inventory; and other factors referred to in Merits Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and other materials filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All subsequent forward-looking statements attributable to Merit or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Actual results will likely differ, and may differ materially, from anticipated results. Financial estimates are subject to change and are not intended to be relied upon as predictions of future operating results, and Merit assumes no obligation to update or disclose revisions to those estimates.Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on October 1, 2018, Merit Medical Systems, Inc. ("Merit") entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement) by and among Merit, Cianna Medical, Inc. (Cianna), CMI Transaction Co. (Merger Sub) and Fortis Advisors LLC, as the Securityholders' Representative, related to Merits prospective acquisition of Cianna. On November 13, 2018, Merit closed the transaction contemplated by the Agreement. As previously reported, Merit has agreed to pay up to $200 million in connection with its acquisition of Cianna, as follows:$135 million in cash in connection with closing, subject to standard adjustments for cash at closing, working capital and other matters;an earn-out payment of $15 million payable upon the achievement by Cianna of certain manufacturing capacity and manufacturing cost milestones on or before June 30, 2019; andearn-out payments of up to $50 million in the aggregate, payable at the rate of 175% of the amount by which annual net sales of Cianna products in each of 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 exceed annual net sales of Cianna products in the preceding fiscal year.Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking StatementsThis Current Report, including the exhibit hereto, contains statements which are not purely historical, including, without limitation, statements regarding Merit's forecasted plans, revenues, earnings per share, gross margins or financial results (on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis) or Merits acquisition of Cianna, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are subject to risks and uncertainties such as those described in Merit's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and subsequent filings with the SEC. Such risks and uncertainties include the following: Merit's potential inability to successfully manage the integration of Cianna and achieve anticipated financial results, product development and other anticipated benefits; uncertainties as to whether Merit will achieve sales, gross margin, cost of goods sold, cash flow and other results from the Cianna acquisition which are comparable to the experience of Cianna; unknown costs and risks associated with the business and operations of Cianna or Merits internal models or projections; governmental scrutiny and regulation of the medical device industry, including governmental inquiries, investigations and proceedings involving Merit or the business and operations conducted by Cianna; how the occurrence of any unanticipated event or cost in connection with the integration of Cianna may affect Merits projected ability to comply with debt covenants; infringement of acquired technology or the assertion that acquired technology infringes the rights of other parties; the potential of fines, penalties or other adverse consequences if Merit's or Ciannas employees or agents violate the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other laws or regulations; laws and regulations targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry; potential for significant adverse changes in governing regulations; changes in tax laws and regulations in the United States or other countries; increases in the prices of commodity components; negative changes in economic and industry conditions in the United States or other countries; termination or interruption of relationships with Merit's or Ciannas suppliers, or failure of such suppliers to perform; the effects of fluctuations in exchange rates on projected financial results; development of new products and technology that could render Merit's or Ciannas products obsolete; changes in healthcare policies or markets related to healthcare reform initiatives; failure to comply with applicable environmental laws; changes in key personnel; work stoppage or transportation risks; price and product competition; availability of labor and materials; fluctuations in and obsolescence of inventory; and other factors referred to in Merit's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and other materials filed with the SEC. All subsequent forward-looking statements attributable to Merit or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Actual results will likely differ, and may differ materially, from anticipated results. Financial estimates are subject to change and are not intended to be relied upon as predictions of future operating results, and Merit assumes no obligation to update or disclose revisions to those estimates.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On April 10, 2017, the Registrant and Leandro Jose Iglesias in representation of all of the members of Etelix.Com USA LLC (Etelix), and its members, entered into a Transaction Agreement under which the Registrant agreed to acquire 51% of the membership units in Etelix and the members of Etelix agreement agreed to transfer certain property owned by them (the Additional Assets) to Etelix for $240,000 in cash to be paid to them by the Registrant and the issuance to them of an unspecified number of shares of Registants Series D PIK Convertible Preferred Stock having a value of $1,800,000. The Seller agreed to reinvest in the Registrant 38.89% of the proceeds of the sale of shares of common stock received upon conversion of the preferred stock, up to $700,000. The Seller and certain of its members have the the option to convert any part or all of their remining membership units into stock of the Registrant. The value for the conversion of the stock will be a function of a conversion factor multiplied by Etelix EBITDA during the 12 months immediately prior to the date on which the conversion is requested. The conversion factor will be determined by dividing $4,000,000 into Etelix accumulated EBITDA for its 2016 fiscal year.On April 25, 2017, the Transaction Agreement was amended to provide that the purchase price would remain $240,000, of which $10,000 was to be payable on the Closing Date by check or wire transfer upon the transfer of 51% of the membership units in Etelix and the Additional Assets to Etelix in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Agreement and $230,000 of which was to be payable 90 days after the Closing Date and 18,000 shares of the Registrants Series D PIK Convertible Preferred Stock.The assets transferred under the Transaction Agreement do not include New Life Omega Services, Inc., a company created under the laws of the Republic of Panama; NL Omega Services, LLC, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida; Etelix Net Communications Services, Corp., a company created under the laws of the British Virgin Islands; or any of its local and retail businesses including: Future Voyze LLC; Perfect Voyze LLC; Soluciones Latincom C.A.; Mitelco LLC; Etelix.com Peru; Etelix Group SL; and Etelix.com UK.With respect to Future Voyze LLC and Perfect Voyze LLC, these companies and Etelix have entered into an agreement under which Etelix will receive all assets resulting from the liquidation of Future Voyze LLC and all of those assets are to be transferred from Etelix.com USA LLC to Perfect Voyze LLC once it had been granted a telecommunications license by the Federal Communications Commission.Etelix is a Miami-based, FCC-licensed voice, SMS and data carrier. The company's principal products and services are international voice wholesale operations and distribution, residential and commercial data and voice services and data hosting services. Etelix is planning to develop and construct build-to-suit data hosting centers in secondary markets across the United States.Etelix was founded in 2007.On June 7, 2017, the transaction described in Item 1.01 was closed.Etelix was founded in 2007. Its revenue and net loss for the 12-month period ended December 31, 2017, were approximately $7.8 million and $181,000, respectively; for the like period in 2016, Etelix had revenue and net income of approximately $4.1 million and $56,000, respectively.Attached to this Report as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 are Etelix audited financial statements for its 9-month period ended September 30, 2017, and for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and pro forma financial information, respectively.Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.History and Background.On December 28, 2017, the Registrant changed its name from "Intercontinental Technology, Inc." to "RCGR SUB, Inc." and, in the process, redomesticated itself from Colorado to Delaware. Immediately following such redomestication, the Registrant completed a corporate reorganization pursuant to which RCGR Sub, Inc., as previously constituted, became a direct, totally-held subsidiary of a newly formed Delaware corporation, named "First Intercontinental Technology, Inc." ("Holdco"), which, in accordance with the terms of that certain reorganization, became the successor issuer. That certain reorganization became effective by a merger conducted pursuant to Section 251(g) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), which provides for the formation of a holding company without a vote of the stockholders of the constituent corporations ("Reorganization").The Reorganization was completed pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger among the Registrant, Holdco, and a Merger Sub, dated December 26, 2017 (the "Merger Agreement").A description of the series of transactions, i.e., our redomestication from Colorado to Delaware, the incorporation of Holdco and Merger Sub, the Merger, and Reorganization, were described in Item 1.01 of the Current Report on Form 8-K (in reliance of Section 12(g)(3) of the Exchange Act) filed by the Registrant on December 27, 2017, and to the extent required by Item 1.02 and Item 2.01 of Form 8-K, the description of the series of transactions, including the exhibits that were heretofore filed, are incorporated by reference herein.Annulment and Vitiation of Transactions in Delaware.On February 16, 2018, the Registrant's Board of Directors voted to annul and vitiate the series of transactions in Delaware; specifically, by filing certificates of correction with Delaware's Secretary of State (a) to annul and vitiate the Registrant's redomestication from Colorado to Delaware, ab initio, (b) to annual and vitiate the incorporation in the State of Delaware by the Registrant of Holdco, ab initio, (c) to annul and vitiate Holdco's incorporation in the State of Delaware of Merger Sub, ab initio, and (d) to annul and vitiate the Merger and Reorganization in Delaware among the Registrant, Holdco, and Merger Sub, ab initio.The Registrant's Board of Directors concluded that the corporate actions were prematurely filed in error and that the regulatory review and approval of the notification of corporate actions submitted by the Registrant to FINRA and DTCC, respectively, would not be timely obtained, based on information and belief. Moreover, the Registrant's Board of Directors determined the expense to continue the notification process to FINRA and DTCC would be greater than initially anticipated and that completing the Merger and Reorganization would not serve our best interests nor those of our shareholders.On February 20, 2018, we received a notice from FINRA indicating that it reviewed our Delaware filings in respect of the foregoing statements and filings, and, consequently, closed out our prior notification of corporation actions related thereto without taking any further action and with no further obligation on our part.2We were responsible to bear the costs and expenses in connection with the terminated series of transactions, as well as for the costs and expenses to effect them in the first place.The foregoing summary of the respective and collective annulments and vitiations is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete texts of those certificates of correction the Registrant filed with the Delaware Secretary of State, which are attached as Exhibits 99.1, 99.2, 99.3, 99.4, and 99.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference in their entirety.Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Under the terms of the Acquisition Agreement, the Company purchased a majority of the assets of Northway as detailed in Exhibit 10.1 thereto.The Acquisition Agreement and Land Purchase Agreement each contain customary terms and conditions typical to agreements of each type. A copy of each of the Acquisition Agreement and Land Purchase Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and 10.2. The description of each of the Acquisition Agreement and Land Purchase Agreement herein is qualified by the terms of the full text of each agreement attached hereto and the terms thereof are incorporated herein by reference.Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetSThe Building Purchase Agreement contains customary terms and conditions typical to agreements of its type, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1. The description of the Building Purchase Agreement herein is qualified by the terms of the full text of the agreement attached hereto and the terms thereof are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsThe information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Disposition is incorporated herein by reference. In accordance with Item 2.01 of Form 8-K and Article 11 of Regulation S-X, the Buyer has compiled pro forma financial information giving effect to the Disposition, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1.Immediately after the Disposition, the Companys continuing operations will consist primarily of: (i) investments in bonds and other debt obligations that finance affordable housing and infrastructure in the U.S.; (ii) its equity investment in REL; (iii) its equity investment in Solar Development Lending, LLC; (iv) its equity investments in the entities which own the real estate properties known as Spanish Fort and Russell 150; (v) certain loan receivables; (vi) derivative financial instruments that are used to hedge interest and foreign currency exchange risks of the Company; (vii) the MTA Note; and (viii) other assets and liabilities, including certain LIHTC assets and the Companys subordinated debt. In addition, with the externalization of the management of the Company to Hunt, much of the Companys employee related overhead will be replaced with a quarterly management fee and the renewable energy business expense reimbursements as described above. The Company has incorporated the estimated overhead costs in the pro forma financial information filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1.Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsBetween December 18, 2018, and December 20, 2018, MMA Capital Management, LLC (the Company) entered into a series of transactions with affiliates of Bank of America Corporation (all such affiliates are collectively referred to hereinafter as BAC), including the Companys total return swap (TRS) counterparty that included: i) the termination of fifteen (15) TRS agreements that had a total notional amount of $102.6 million; ii) the sale of one (1) multi-family tax-exempt bond and one (1) subordinate certificate interest in a multi-family tax-exempt bond with an aggregate unpaid principal balance (UPB) of $10.8 million; and iii) the termination of a pay-fixed interest rate swap that had a notional amount was $65.0 million (these transactions are collectively referred to hereinafter as the December Transactions). Additionally, during the first week of January 2019, the Company expects to enter into agreements with BAC to sell one (1) multi-family tax-exempt bond and one (1) subordinate certificate interest in a multi-family tax-exempt bond with an aggregate expected UPB of $8.5 million (the January Transaction and together with the December Transactions, the Transactions).Company) entered into a series of transactions with affiliates of Bank of America Corporation (all such affiliates are collectively referred to hereinafter as BAC), including the Companys total return swap (TRS) counterparty that included: i) the termination of fifteen (15) TRS agreements that had a total notional amount of $102.6 million; ii) the sale of one (1) multi-family tax-exempt bond and one (1) subordinate certificate interest in a multi-family tax-exempt bond with an aggregate unpaid principal balance (UPB) of $10.8 million; and iii) the termination of a pay-fixed interest rate swap that had a notional amount was $65.0 million (these transactions are collectively referred to hereinafter as the December Transactions). Additionally, during the first week of January 2019, the Company expects to enter into agreements with BAC to sell one (1) multi-family tax-exempt bond and one (1) subordinate certificate interest in a multi-family tax-exempt bond with an aggregate expected UPB of $8.5 million (the January Transaction and together with the December Transactions, the ).Upon the final settlement of the December Transactions, which is anticipated to be completed by December 27, 2018, the Company will receive total net payments of $14.1 million, plus accrued interest. The portion of net proceeds to be received from the December Transactions that is attributable to the Companys TRS and other bond interests reflects the realization of a 5.0% premium above the UPB of such TRS and bond interests, which was $111.0 million as of the dates on which the Company entered into each of the December Transactions.The December Transactions were entered into, and the January Transaction is expected to be entered into, at prices that are based upon indications of fair value that, consistent with the Companys historical valuation policies, were measured based upon an assessment of expected future cash flows and market yields.Upon final settlement of the Transactions, the termination of TRS agreements with a combined notional value of $49.5 million will be accounted for as a sale of the bonds referenced in such agreements and the repayment of asset-related debt while the termination of the balance of the TRS agreements, which had a combined notional value of $53.1 million, will be accounted for as the final net cash settlement of derivative instruments. Further, the Company will also report the conveyance of tax-exempt bonds as a sale of such investments, while the termination of the interest rate swap will result in the reduction of its carrying value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets based upon the termination payment received related to such agreement.Based upon the foregoing, upon the final settlement of the December Transactions, the Company will: i) derecognize $53.9 million of Investments in debt securities; ii) derecognize $42.0 million of Debt, iii) derecognize $2.3 million of Other Assets; iv) derecognize $0.1 million of Other Liabilities, iv) increase Cash and cash equivalents by $14.1 million and v) reclassify $16.9 million of net holding gains on bond investments from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income into the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a component of Net gains on bonds, resulting in minimal net impact on common shareholders equity in consideration of the net change in the fair value of the impacted bond investments, TRS and terminated interest rate swap between September 30, 2018 and the execution dates of the December Transactions. The final settlement of the January Transaction is expected to be reported in the first quarter of 2019 in a similar manner as the December Transactions. In this regard, upon the settlement of the January Transaction, the Company expects to: i) derecognize the carrying value of the underlying bond investments associated with the January Transaction; ii) derecognize the carrying value of corresponding Debt, iii) increase Cash and cash equivalents by the amount of net proceeds received from the January Transaction and iv) reclassify the carrying value of net holding gains on the subject bond investments from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income into the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a component of Net gains on bonds. The January Transaction is not expected to have an impact on the Companys Other assets or Other liabilities.Item 7.01 Regulation FD
Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On the Closing Date, Mosaic completed the Purchase in accordance with the Stock Purchase Agreement. The Purchase was effected through the acquisition by Mosaic of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of VF. The aggregate consideration paid by Mosaic to the Sellers at the closing of the Purchase was comprised of (i) approximately $1.10 billion in cash (after giving effect to certain adjustments based on matters such as the estimated working capital and indebtedness balances of VF at the time of closing), which amount may be adjusted following the closing of the Purchase in accordance with the Stock Purchase Agreement to reflect actual balances at the time of closing, and (ii) 34,176,574 shares of Mosaic common stock, par value $0.01 per share issued and delivered to Vale and Vale Netherlands. The cash portion of the purchase price paid on the Closing Date was funded with a portion of the proceeds of the $1.25 billion underwritten offering that Mosaic completed on November 13, 2017 pursuant to an underwriting agreement with BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as representatives of the several underwriters named in Schedule A thereto, as described in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Mosaic with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 13, 2017.SEC) on November 13, 2017.VF and its subsidiaries (collectively, the VF Group) conduct global phosphate and potash operations, including facilities and projects in the provinces of Minas Gerais, Gois, Sergipe and So Paulo, Brazil, and Saskatchewan, Canada. Prior to the closing of the Purchase, the VF Group also operated certain industrial complexes located in the City of Cubato (the Cubato Business). The Cubato Business was not included in the Purchase and was instead transferred to affiliates of the Sellers prior to the closing of the Purchase. As part of the Purchase, Mosaic acquired the Sellers 40% economic interest in the joint venture which owns the Miski Mayo phosphate rock mine in the Bayovar region of Peru, in which Mosaic already holds a 35% economic interest on the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and Vales potash project at Kronau, Saskatchewan. In addition, Mosaic agreed to transfer to Vale certain of the shares held by it in a non-wholly owned subsidiary of VF that operates the TIPLAM port. In connection with the closing of the Purchase, affiliates of Mosaic and Vale entered into various commercial arrangements for the provision of transition services and other transition matters for certain periods of time following the closing of the Purchase.VF Group) conduct global phosphate and potash operations, including facilities and projects in the provinces of Minas Gerais, Gois, Sergipe and So Paulo, Brazil, and Saskatchewan, Canada. Prior to the closing of the Purchase, the VF Group also operated certain industrial complexes located in the City of Cubato (the Cubato Business). The Cubato Business was not included in the Purchase and was instead transferred to affiliates of the Sellers prior to the closing of the Purchase. As part of the Purchase, Mosaic acquired the Sellers 40% economic interest in the joint venture which owns the Miski Mayo phosphate rock mine in the Bayovar region of Peru, in which Mosaic already holds a 35% economic interest on the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and Vales potash project at Kronau, Saskatchewan. In addition, Mosaic agreed to transfer to Vale certain of the shares held by it in a non-wholly owned subsidiary of VF that operates the TIPLAM port. In connection with the closing of the Purchase, affiliates of Mosaic and Vale entered into various commercial arrangements for the provision of transition services and other transition matters for certain periods of time following the closing of the Purchase.The foregoing description of the Stock Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to (i) the full text of the Original Stock Purchase Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Mosaic with the SEC on December 19, 2016 and (ii) the full text of the Letter Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Mosaic with the SEC on January 2, 2018, each of which is incorporated herein by reference.Item 3.02.Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously announced, the Partnership entered into a Membership Interests Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2017 (the Contribution Agreement), with the General Partner, MPLX Logistics Holdings LLC (MPLX Logistics), MPLX Holdings Inc. (MPLX Holdings) and MPC Investment LLC (MPC Investment), each a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, MPC Investment agreed to contribute all of the outstanding membership interests in MPLX Refining Logistics and MPLX Fuels Distribution, through a series of intercompany contributions, to the Partnership (collectively the Dropdown Transaction).The Dropdown Transaction closed on February 1, 2018. In exchange for all of the outstanding membership interests of MPLX Refining Logistics and MPLX Fuels Distribution, the Partnership paid $4.1 billion in cash and issued the following equity consideration: (i) 85,610,278 Common Units and 2,277,778 general partner units representing general partner interests in the Partnership (General Partner Units) to the General Partner; (ii) 18,176,666 Common Units to MPLX Logistics and (iii) 7,824,167 Common Units to MPLX Holdings.The foregoing description of the Contribution Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Contribution Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.The General Partner, MPLX Logistics, MPLX Holdings and MPC Investment are wholly owned subsidiaries of MPC. The description in Item 1.01 above of the relationships among the General Partner, the Partnership and MPC is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.Item 2.03Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.



Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Effective February 28, 2018, MutualFirst Financial, Inc. ("MutualFirst") completed its previously announced acquisition of Universal Bancorp ("Universal") and Universal's subsidiary, BloomBank ("Bloom"), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 4, 2017 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and between MutualFirst, and Universal under which Universal merged with and into MutualFirst (the "Merger"). Immediately following the Merger BloomBank merged with and into MutualBank.Upon completion of the Merger, each share of Universal Bancorp common stock was converted into the right to receive 15.6 shares of MutualFirst common stock, with cash payable in lieu of fractional MutualFirst shares, and $250.00 in cash (the "Merger Consideration").MutualFirst Financial issued an aggregate of approximately 1,185,500 shares of common stock for the stock portion of the Merger Consideration and paid an aggregate of approximately $19.0 million for the cash portion of the Merger Consideration.In connection with the Merger, MutualFirst assumed the obligations of Universal of $5,155,000 aggregate principal amount of Junior Subordinated Debt Securities due October 7, 2035 relating to Universal's outstanding trust preferred securities.The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 2.1.Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.


Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Completion of the Offer and the MergerThe disclosure under the Introductory Note is incorporated herein by reference. The Offer and all withdrawal rights thereunder expired at 8:00 a.m., Eastern time, on February 13, 2018. American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the depositary for the Offer (the Depositary), has advised Mallinckrodt and Purchaser that, as of the expiration of the Offer, an aggregate of 39,158,848 Sucampo Shares were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, representing approximately 83% of the Sucampo Shares then outstanding. Purchaser accepted for payment all Sucampo Shares that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, and payment of the Offer Price for such Sucampo Shares will be promptly made by the Depositary.2Following the completion of the Offer, on February 13, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with Section 251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, Purchaser merged with and into Sucampo (the Merger) with Sucampo continuing as the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation). Upon completion of the Merger, Sucampo became a wholly owned subsidiary of Mallinckrodt.Surviving CorporationPursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each outstanding Sucampo Share (other than Sucampo Shares held (i) by Sucampo (including any held in Sucampos treasury) or by Mallinckrodt or Purchaser, which Sucampo Shares were canceled and have ceased to exist, (ii) by any wholly owned subsidiary of Sucampo or any wholly owned subsidiary of Mallinckrodt (other than Purchaser), which Sucampo Shares were converted into such number of shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation so as to maintain relative ownership percentages or (iii) by any Sucampo stockholders who validly exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law with respect to such Sucampo Shares) was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Offer Price, without interest thereon and less any applicable withholding taxes.Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each Sucampo stock option that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time became fully vested and exercisable and was cancelled and converted into the right to receive cash in an amount, less any applicable withholding taxes, equal to the product of (i) the total number of Sucampo Shares subject to such Sucampo stock option immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) the excess, if any, of the Offer Price, without interest (Merger Consideration), over the exercise price payable per Sucampo Share underlying such Sucampo stock option. If the exercise price of any Sucampo stock option was equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration, such stock option was canceled for no consideration at the Effective Time. In addition, at the Effective Time, each Sucampo restricted stock unit (RSU) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, was cancelled and converted into the right to receive cash in an amount, less any applicable withholding taxes, equal to the product of (A) the total number of Sucampo Shares underlying such RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time (in the case of performance stock awards, determined based on target levels) and (B) the Merger Consideration.RSUThe aggregate consideration paid by Purchaser in the Offer and the Merger, together with the amount of cash required for the expected settlement of the Sucampo Notes as described below, equals approximately $1.2 billion, net of cash acquired and without giving effect to Mallinckrodts related transaction fees and expenses. Mallinckrodt and Purchaser funded the payment of the aggregate consideration (and expect to fund the settlement of the Sucampo Notes) from Mallinckrodts cash on hand (including, without limitation, proceeds of a recent draw on an existing revolving credit facility) and the proceeds of the New Term Loan.The foregoing description of the Offer, the Merger and the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.The Merger Agreement has been attached to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about Mallinckrodt, Purchaser or Sucampo, their respective businesses, or the actual conduct of their respective businesses during the period prior to the consummation of the Offer or the Merger. The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties that are the product of negotiations among the parties thereto and the parties made to, and solely for the benefit of, each other as of specified dates. The assertions embodied in those representations and warranties are subject to qualifications and limitations agreed to by the respective parties and are also qualified in important part by a confidential disclosure schedule delivered by Sucampo to Mallinckrodt in connection with the Merger Agreement. The representations and warranties may have been made for the purpose of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the agreements instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors.3Expected Settlement of the Sucampo NotesIn addition, as previously disclosed, as of December 31, 2017 $300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Sucampos 3.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2021 (the Sucampo Notes) issued under that certain Indenture, dated as of December 27, 2016 (the Sucampo Indenture), between Sucampo and U.S. Bank National Association, were outstanding. Concurrently with the consummation of the Offer and the Merger, Sucampo entered into a supplemental indenture (the Supplemental Indenture) providing that at and after the Effective Time, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Sucampo Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Sucampo Notes into the transaction consideration that a holder of a number of Sucampo Shares equal to the conversion rate would have received upon completion of the Merger.Sucampo IndentureSupplemental IndentureAs the consummation of the Offer and the Merger constitutes a make-whole fundamental change pursuant to the terms of the Sucampo Indenture, any holder of Sucampo Notes that converts its Sucampo Notes during a period of time following consummation of the Merger, will convert their Sucampo Notes at an increased conversion rate in accordance with the terms of the Sucampo Indenture. As the consummation of the Merger constitutes a fundamental change under the terms of the Sucampo Indenture, Sucampo also will be required to offer to repurchase the Sucampo Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Sucampo Notes to be repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date.The foregoing description of the Sucampo Indenture, the Supplemental Indenture and the Sucampo Notes is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Sucampo Indenture and the Supplemental Indenture, which are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsThe information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.Meridian historically generally operated three lines of business: solid waste (the Solid Waste Business) through the subsidiaries of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Operations; technologies (the Technologies Business) through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Mobile; and innovations (the Innovations Business) through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Attis Innovations.Historically. Meridians core business has been the Solid Waste Business, which focused on being an integrated provider of non-hazardous solid waste collection, transfer and disposal services. More recently Meridian has begun to shift its focus to formation and growth of the Technologies Business and Innovations Business. While the Solid Waste Business served as the platform for much of Meridians growth and revenue to date, the significant debt burden on Meridian (including indebtedness under the Prior Credit Agreement, the amount of liquidity required to service that indebtedness and the liquidity, cash flow and capital needs of the Solid Waste Business and the potential opportunities in the Technologies and Innovations Businesses have caused Meridians management to believe that it needed to pursue a path to reduce Meridians current debt burden. Meridians management believes that by pursuing a strategy of debt reduction, Meridian would be positioned to improve its liquidity constraints and provide for opportunity for potential future growth that will increase shareholder value.Following the Closing, the Company will continue to operate the Technologies Business and the Innovations Business, each of which is described more fully in the Companys Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on April 16, 2018.The Technologies Business, sometimes referred to herein as Attis Healthcare, is comprised of two divisions  (i) healthcare and (ii) Bright City, a mobile application. The healthcare division focuses on improving patient care and providing cost-saving opportunities through innovative, compliant, and comprehensive diagnostic and therapeutic solutions for patients and healthcare providers. The Company offers a broad portfolio of what it believes to be best-in-class solutions, combined with insight and expertise, to give providers tools that lead to healthier patients and communities to address the challenges that come with trying to improve patient outcomes while driving down the cost of care. Attis Healthcare offers products and services in a variety of areas, including hospital consulting services for both laboratory services and emergency department revenue enhancement, polymerase chain reaction molecular testing, pharmacogenetics testing, and medication therapy management.Bright City is an all-in-one citizen engagement mobile application that allows cities and their residents to communicate more directly. Bright City is a tool intended to form safer communities, more proactive community leadership, and more connected citizens. Bright City provides direct and two-way communication, which means citizens can reply and communicate directly with local law enforcement and town, city or municipal staff. Bright City is specific and targeted to citizen-city official communication, which prevents communications from becoming lost in the clutter of social media and allows for communications from citizens to be routed directly to the appropriate city staff for response and resolution. Bright City includes camera, video, and GPS locator functionality, which provides specific location data and a more accurate description of the reported activity, expediting the flow of information. Bright City is intended to act as the eyes and ears of the city, allowing towns, cities and municipalities to expand security and increase connectivity.The Innovations Business, sometimes referred to herein as Attis Innovations focuses on producing sustainable materials and fuels from renewable sources at costs equal to or less than those otherwise produced from fossil fuels. By processing targeted feedstocks, the Company believes that Attis Innovations will be able to produce materials used in the following markets: bioplastics, consumer goods, adhesives, carbon fiber, renewable fuels, and green chemicals, among others.The Company intends to leverage its expertise in waste streams and its technology development experience to harvest value from biomass. To this end, Attis Innovations has assembled a growing portfolio of technologies that are being designed and developed to refine biomass in a series of process steps that are analogous to petroleum refining, in which crude oil is sequentially processed into a wide range of products. Attis Innovations patented and patent-pending lignin conversion and refining processes, which fractionate and convert cellulosic biomass into ethanol or butanol and a renewable alternative for petroleum-derived resins, were recently awarded a $3 million grant from the USDA.3Attis Innovations ultimate plan for this business is to finance, build, own and operate facilities based on its technologies to generate shareholder value by producing and selling renewable fuels, plastics, resins and other carbon-neutral offsets from low-value lignin and other cellulosic feedstocks; including pulp and paper by-products, first generation biofuel by-products, and other overlooked carbon-containing residuals. The Company is continuing to evaluate acquisitions and other transactions, some of which include existing production assets that are ideal for co-location of facilities based on its technologies. First generation biofuel plants can be particularly favorable targets inasmuch as its technologies have been proven to have the potential to generate more income by converting and refining existing by-products as compared to the income of current plants using traditional methods. No assurance can be given that such acquisitions can be consummated on terms that are acceptable to the Company.Attis Innovations is comprised of three components: (1) Attis R&D Services, (2) Attis Biomaterials and (3) Attis Biofuels.Beginning in January 2018, Attis R&D Services, through exclusive licenses with American Science and Technology Corporation (AST), holds a for hire 15,000 sq. ft. R&D facility (the AST Facility) capable of processing almost any form of biomass and converting it into targeted materials for testing and evaluation purposes. The AST Facility is a full-service pilot test facility, available to this industry and dedicated to developing innovative biobased products using its patented AST-Organosolv process to convert lignocellulosic biomass into high-value, bio-based chemicals and products. The AST Facility, located in Wausau, Wisconsin, operates at various scales from a laboratory level to multi-ton batches and is equipped with a wide range of biomass processing equipment to provide a unique opportunity to accelerate the advancement of the bio-based economy. The AST Facility was built through a series of grants and private. Attis Innovations is in the process of executing its plan to upgrade the AST Facility.Attis BiomaterialsAttis Biomaterials is intended to provide for the recovery and conversion of practically any form of biomass into targeted bio-based materials. Attis Biomaterials plans to produce and supply high-performance plant-derived materials, chemicals, and molecularly consistent feedstocks to manufacturing industries at costs competitive with those for materials otherwise derived from fossil fuels. Plastic, adhesives, and transportation fuels are typically produced from non-renewable materials such as crude oil and natural gas. Attis Innovations is focusing on providing the same materials directly from biomass, which can be sustainably harvested and replanted. The Company believes Attis Biomaterials can cost-effectively recover greater amounts of high-quality sources of carbon-based feedstocks from biomass than those previously available, thereby substantially increasing the revenues and profits generated per unit of biomass harvested.Attis BiofuelsAttis Biofuels is intended to produce biofuels from low-cost feedstocks. These feedstocks include cellulose, hemicellulose lignin, sugars, fats and vegetable oils.Attis Biofuels plans to purchase sugars from Attis Biomaterials and to convert this sugar into ethanol. This form of ethanol is referred to as cellulosic ethanol and sold at a premium to corn derived ethanol due the additional renewable energy credits it receives.In addition, Attis Biofuels plans to use its capital and energy efficient biodiesel and renewable diesel process technology to convert fats and oils into fuels. Attis Biofuels has designed a hybrid process technology that allows for the production of either biodiesel or renewable diesel depending on the market demand for each.44When producing biodiesel, Attis Biofuels process does not require the use of a catalyst; as a result, the system is ableAttis IP HoldingsIn addition to the three divisions of Attis Innovations, Attis IP Holdings is a company designated to hold and manage Attis Innovations patent portfolio. This business unit will charge each of Attis Innovations process subsidiaries a royalty fee to be used to account for the cost associated with managing and prosecuting the patents. The objective of this business unit is to be cash flow neutral.
Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsOn March 28, 2018, Motorola Solutions, Inc. (the Company), through its wholly-owned subsidiary Motorola Solutions Canada Holdings Inc., a corporation incorporated under the federal laws of Canada (the Buyer), completed its previously announced acquisition (the Acquisition) of the entire issued share capital (the Shares) of Avigilon Corporation, a corporation incorporated under the federal laws of Canada (Avigilon), from its shareholders pursuant to an Arrangement Agreement, dated February 1, 2018, between the Company, Buyer and Avigilon (the Arrangement Agreement). The completion of the Acquisition was approved by Avigilons shareholders and by the Supreme Court of British Columbia. As a result of the Acquisition, Avigilon became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Buyer and ceased to be a public company in Canada.The Company paid CAD$27.00 per share for the Shares. The enterprise value of the Acquisition was approximately US$1.0 billion including Avigilons net debt. The Acquisition was funded by cash on hand, borrowings under a three year term loan of $400 million and drawing on the Companys existing revolving credit facility.The foregoing description of the Arrangement Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Arrangement Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On February 9, 2018, Net 1 UEPS Technologies, Inc., through its wholly owned subsidiary, Net1 Applied Technologies Netherlands B.V. (Net1 Netherlands), completed its acquisition of an additional 5% interest in Bank Frick & Co AG (Bank Frick), a fully licensed bank based in Balzers, Liechtenstein, from Kuno Frick Familienstiftung, a Liechtenstein Foundation (the Frick Foundation). Following the completion of this investment, Net1 Netherlands will own 35% of Bank Frick.The purchase price was CHF 10.4 million ($11.1 million translated at the exchange rate applicable as of February 9, 2018) in cash. This investment was made pursuant to the second addendum, dated January 26, 2018, to the share purchase agreement, dated January 12, 2017, between Net1 Netherlands and the Frick Foundation. Net1 Netherlands has a two-year option to acquire an additional 35% interest in Bank Frick.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.As previously reported, on December 18, 2017, NeuLion, Inc. (the Company) entered into an agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with an affiliate (the Buyer) of Fortress Investment Group pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell certain DivX assets, intellectual property and subsidiaries (collectively, the Assets) to the Buyer. The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement closed on February 12, 2018.Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company sold the Assets to the Buyer for cash consideration of $41.5 million. The Assets accounted for approximately $15.0 million and $20.7 million of the Companys consolidated GAAP revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and the year ended December 31, 2016, respectively.Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 1, 2018, National Bank Holdings Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), completed the acquisition (the Acquisition) of all of the outstanding shares of Peoples, Inc., a Kansas corporation (Peoples), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Peoples, the Company, the Significant Stockholders (as defined therein) and Winton A. Winter, Jr., solely in his capacity as the Holders Representative (the Merger Agreement). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate consideration in the Acquisition was 3,398,477 shares of the Companys class A common stock (Stock Consideration) and approximately $36.2 million in cash. Of the cash consideration to be received by Peoples shareholders in connection with the Acquisition, $10.0 million was set aside in escrow for the purposes of funding certain future indemnity claims for a period of three years. In connection with the approval of the transaction by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Significant Stockholders (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of Peoples who received Stock Consideration of 3,169,082 shares, representing in the aggregate approximately 10.5% of the Companys shares outstanding following the Acquisition, committed to reducing their ownership in the Company to no more than five percent of the Companys outstanding shares within 18 months following the completion of the Acquisition.Company), completed the acquisition (the Acquisition) of all of the outstanding shares of Peoples, Inc., a Kansas corporation (), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Peoples, the Company, the Significant Stockholders (as defined therein) and Winton A. Winter, Jr., solely in his capacity as the Holders Representative (the Merger Agreement). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate consideration in the Acquisition was 3,398,477 shares of the Companys class A common stock (Stock Consideration) and approximately $36.2 million in cash. Of the cash consideration to be received by Peoples shareholders in connection with the Acquisition, $10.0 million was set aside in escrow for the purposes of funding certain future indemnity claims for a period of three years. In connection with the approval of the transaction by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Significant Stockholders (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of Peoples who received Stock Consideration of 3,169,082 shares, representing in the aggregate approximately10.5% of the Companys shares outstanding following the Acquisition, committed to reducing their ownership in the Company to no more than five percent of the Companys outstanding shares within 18 months following the completion of the Acquisition.Item 3.02Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Acquisition of Private Companys AssetsOn March 5, 2018, New Bridge Global Ventures, Inc. (the Company) closed on an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement and the Closing) with Elevated Portfolio Holdings, LLC (Elevated), whereby Elevated Education Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Subsidiary) purchased the assets of Elevated for 2,000,000 shares (Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock). Elevated offers medically focused education modules to health professionals about the use of cannabis for health and wellness.A form of the Purchase Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933.Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.Acquisition of Private Companies Through All-Stock Transfer.Acquisition of Private Companies Through All-Stock Transfer.On July 16, 2018, New Bridge Global Ventures, Inc. (the Company) closed on Share Exchange and Purchase Agreements (the Purchase Agreements and the Closing) with the various members and shareholders of 725 E 11th, LLC, a California limited liability company; Mad Creek Farm, LLC, a California limited liability company; Timothy Lane, LLC, a California limited liability company; GLML, LLC, a California limited liability company, Roots Nursery, Inc., a California nonprofit mutual benefit corporation and 5 Leaf, LLC, a California limited liability company (together the Consortium), whereby the Company purchased the shares or membership interests (as the case may be) of the several entities making up the Consortium for a combined 31,000,000 shares (Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. The Consortium consists of farm, nursery, extraction, management and real estate companies in the cannabis industry.A form of the Purchase Agreements is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January, 19, 2018, the Registrant donated product valued at $24,883, to Rock and Wrap It Up!, a non-profit organization formed in 1990, dedicated to addressing the issues of hunger and poverty in America. The donated product was distributed to over one dozen local shelters and community centers to help them feed the hungry. The Registrant has committed to making further donations to this charitable organization which will allow them to facilitate monthly NightFood Nights as part of their providing regular meals to homeless persons. Management believes that the goodwill generated by donations such as this one of short-dated inventory to Rock and Wrap It Up! will prove beneficial to our business and our shareholders.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 31, 2018, Noble Midstream Partners LP (the Partnership) and its wholly-owned subsidiary Black Diamond Gathering Holdings LLC (Noble Member), through Black Diamond Gathering LLC (Black Diamond), an entity formed by Noble Member and Greenfield Midstream, LLC, an EnCap Flatrock Midstream portfolio company (Greenfield Member), completed the previously announced acquisition (the Acquisition) of all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company interests in Saddle Butte Rockies Midstream, LLC and certain affiliates (collectively, Saddle Butte) from Saddle Butte Pipeline II, LLC (Seller). The aggregate purchase price for the Acquisition was approximately $638.5 million in cash, which included certain pre-closing adjustments made in proportion to each partys respective ownership interest. The purchase price is subject to customary adjustments following closing. The Partnership is funding its share of the purchase price (approximately $319.9 million) through a combination of cash on hand, proceeds from the previously announced December 2017 offering of common units and borrowings under its credit facility. Greenfield Member is funding its share of the purchase price (approximately $318.6 million) through a contribution to Black Diamond. Prior to the Acquisition, there were no material relationships between Seller, on the one hand, and the Partnership or any of its affiliates, directors, officers or any associate of such directors or officers, on the other hand.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 2, 2018 we entered into and consummated an agreement to purchase 10,000 Ripple (XRP) ("Units") of cryptocurrency. The purchase is considered a related party transaction since the Seller of the units of Ripple, Mewe World, Inc., is controlled by our Chairman of the Board of Directors, Alham Benyameen.-2-

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The information set forth in the Explanatory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.On January 31, 2018, prior to the effective time of the Mergers, pursuant to the Combination Agreement, CLNS OP made the CLNS OP Contribution in exchange for approximately 44.4 million shares of the Class B-3 common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Colony NorthStar Credit (the Class B-3 Common Stock). Each share of Class B-3 Common Stock will convert into one (1) share of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Colony NorthStar Credit (the Class A Common Stock) upon the close of trading on February 1, 2019.Class B-3Immediately following the CLNS OP Contribution and prior to the effective time of the Mergers, pursuant to the Combination Agreement, RED REIT made the RED REIT Contribution in exchange for approximately 3.1 million units of membership interest in Credit OP (the Credit OP Units).Pursuant to the Combination Agreement, prior to the completion of the NorthStar II Merger, in accordance with the Combination Agreement, (i) all 100 of the outstanding partnership units of NorthStar II OP held by NS Real Estate Income Advisor II, LLC (the Limited Partner), were redeemed for an aggregate payment from NorthStar II OP to the Limited Partner of $904 and (ii) all 100 of the special limited partnership units of NorthStar II OP held by NorthStar OP Holdings II, LLC, an affiliate of CLNS, were cancelled and terminated in full without payment of any consideration therefor.At the NorthStar II Merger Effective Time, each share of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the NorthStar II Common Stock), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar II Merger Effective Time was cancelled and converted into the right to receive 0.3511 shares of Class A Common Stock, plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares (the NorthStar II Merger Consideration).Additionally, all of the shares of restricted stock granted under NorthStar IIs Long Term Incentive Plan that were outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar II Merger Effective Time automatically became fully vested and entitled to receive the NorthStar II Merger Consideration.Also pursuant to the Combination Agreement, at the NorthStar I Merger Effective Time, each share of NorthStar I common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the NorthStar I Common Stock), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar I Merger Effective Time was cancelled and converted into the right to receive 0.3532 shares of Class A Common Stock, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares (the NorthStar I Merger Consideration). Additionally, all of the shares of restricted stock granted under NorthStar Is Long Term Incentive Plan that were outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar I Merger Effective Time automatically became fully vested and entitled to receive the NorthStar I Merger Consideration.Immediately following the Mergers, Colony NorthStar Credit contributed and conveyed to Credit OP (i) the CLNS OP Contributed Entities, (ii) the equity interests of NorthStar II OP and (iii) the equity interests of NorthStar I OP, in exchange for an aggregate number of Credit OP Units equal to the sum of (A) 44,399,444, (B) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the NorthStar II Merger and (C) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the NorthStar I Merger, respectively.In connection with the Combination, Colony NorthStar Credit issued approximately 40.4 million shares of Class A Common Stock to former NorthStar II stockholders and approximately 42.1 million shares of Class A Common Stock to former NorthStar I stockholders. Further, as noted above, Colony NorthStar Credit issued approximately 44.4 million shares of Class B-3 Common Stock to CLNS OP. Credit OP issued approximately 3.1 million Credit OP Units to RED REIT and approximately 126.9 million Credit OP Units to Colony NorthStar Credit.million shares of ClassA Common Stock to former NorthStar I stockholders. Further, as noted above, Colony NorthStar Credit issued approximately 44.4million shares of ClassB-3 Common Stock to CLNS OP. Credit OP issued approximately 3.1million Credit OP Units to RED REIT and approximately 126.9million Credit OP Units to Colony NorthStar Credit.In addition, prior to the closing of the Combination, Colony NorthStar Credit calculated the amount by which distributions by NorthStar I and NorthStar II from July 1, 2017 through January 30, 2018 (the Measurement Period) (excluding the dividend payment made on July 1, 2017) exceeded each such companys funds from operations. On January 31, 2018, NorthStar I, which generated the least amount of cash leakage in excess of funds from operations during the Measurement Period, declared a special cash dividend (the NorthStar I Special Dividend) to the holders of record of the shares of NorthStar I Common Stock as of 9:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on January 31, 2018 (the NorthStar I Record Holders) in the amount of $0.013777364 per share of NorthStar I Common Stock, in order to true up the agreed contribution values of NorthStar I and NorthStar II in relation to each other. The NorthStar I Special Dividend has been deposited with NorthStar Is transfer agent for further payment to the NorthStar I Record Holders in accordance with the Combination Agreement.The issuance of the Class A Common Stock in connection with the Combination was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to Colony NorthStar Credits registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-221685) filed with the SEC on November 21, 2017 (as amended, the Registration Statement), and declared effective on December 6, 2017. The offer and sale of the Class B-3 Common Stock and Credit OP Units in the Combination were made in reliance upon an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus of Colony NorthStar Credit, NorthStar I and NorthStar II, dated December 6, 2017 (as supplemented by Colony NorthStar Credits, NorthStar Is and NorthStar IIs Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2018), which forms a part of the Registration Statement, contains additional information about the Combination and the other transactions contemplated by the Combination Agreement, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.No. 333-221685)Class B-38-KShares of the Class A Common Stock were approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) and began trading under the symbol CLNC on the NYSE effective as of the opening of trading on February 1, 2018.The foregoing description of the Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Combination Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registration Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.2

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.The information set forth in the Explanatory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.On January 31, 2018, prior to the effective time of the Mergers, pursuant to the Combination Agreement, CLNS OP made the CLNS OP Contribution in exchange for approximately 44.4 million shares of the Class B-3 common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Colony NorthStar Credit (the Class B-3 Common Stock). Each share of Class B-3 Common Stock will convert into one (1) share of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Colony NorthStar Credit (the Class A Common Stock) upon the close of trading on February 1, 2019.Immediately following the CLNS OP Contribution and prior to the effective time of the Mergers, pursuant to the Combination Agreement, RED REIT made the RED REIT Contribution in exchange for approximately 3.1 million units of membership interest in Credit OP (the Credit OP Units).Pursuant to the Combination Agreement, prior to the completion of the NorthStar I Merger, in accordance with the Combination Agreement, (i) all 100 of the outstanding partnership units of NorthStar I OP held by NS Real Estate Income Trust Advisor, LLC, were redeemed for an aggregate payment from NorthStar I OP to NS Real Estate Income Trust Advisor, LLC of $910 and (ii) all 100 of the special limited partnership units of NorthStar I OP held by NorthStar OP Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of CLNS, were cancelled and terminated in full without payment of any consideration therefor.At the NorthStar I Merger Effective Time, each share of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the NorthStar I Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar I Merger Effective Time was cancelled and converted into the right to receive 0.3532 shares of Class A Common Stock, plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares (the NorthStar I Merger Consideration). Additionally, all of the shares of restricted stock granted under NorthStar Is Long Term Incentive Plan that were outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar I Merger Effective Time automatically became fully vested and entitled to receive the NorthStar I Merger Consideration.Also pursuant to the Combination Agreement, at the NorthStar II Merger Effective Time, each share of NorthStar II common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar II Merger Effective Time was cancelled and converted into the right to receive 0.3511 shares of Class A Common Stock, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares (the NorthStar II Merger Consideration). Additionally, all of the shares of restricted stock granted under NorthStar IIs Long Term Incentive Plan that were outstanding immediately prior to the NorthStar II Merger Effective Time automatically became fully vested and entitled to receive the NorthStar II Merger Consideration.Immediately following the Mergers, Colony NorthStar Credit contributed and conveyed to Credit OP (i) the CLNS OP Contributed Entities, (ii) the equity interests of NorthStar I OP and (iii) the equity interests of NorthStar II OP, in exchange for an aggregate number of Credit OP Units equal to the sum of (A) 44,399,444, (B) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the NorthStar I Merger and (C) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the NorthStar II Merger, respectively.In connection with the Combination, Colony NorthStar Credit issued approximately 42.1 million shares of Class A Common Stock to former NorthStar I stockholders and approximately 40.4 million shares of Class A Common Stock to former NorthStar II stockholders. Further, as noted above, Colony NorthStar Credit issued approximately 44.4 million shares of Class B-3 Common Stock to CLNS OP. Credit OP issued approximately 3.1 million Credit OP Units to RED REIT and approximately 126.9 million Credit OP Units to Colony NorthStar Credit.In addition, prior to the closing of the Combination, NorthStar I distributed to its stockholders (i) each stockholders proportionate share of units of beneficial interest in the Trust (as defined in Item 8.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K) and (ii) the NorthStar I Special Dividend (as defined in Item 8.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K), both of which transactions are described in Item 8.01, below.The issuance of the Class A Common Stock in connection with the Combination was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) pursuant to Colony NorthStar Credits registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-221685) filed with the SEC on November 21, 2017 (as amended, the Registration Statement), and declared effective on December 6, 2017. The offer and sale of the Class B-3 Common Stock and Credit OP Units in the Combination were made in reliance upon an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus of Colony NorthStar Credit, NorthStar I and NorthStar II, dated December 6, 2017 (as supplemented by Colony NorthStar Credits, NorthStar Is and NorthStar IIs Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2018), which forms a part of the Registration Statement, contains additional information about the Combination and the other transactions contemplated by the Combination Agreement, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.Shares of the Class A Common Stock were approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) and began trading under the symbol CLNC on the NYSE effective as of the opening of trading on February 1, 2018.The foregoing description of the Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Combination Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registration Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.On January 31, 2018, OceanFirst Financial Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), completed its previously announced merger with Sun Bancorp, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (Sun), pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 30, 2017 (the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company, Mercury Merger Sub Corp., a New Jersey corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), and Sun. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (i) Merger Sub merged with and into Sun (the First-Step Merger), with Sun surviving the First-Step Merger, and (ii) immediately following the completion of the First-Step Merger, Sun merged with and into the Company (the Second-Step Merger and, together with the First-Step Merger, the Integrated Mergers), with the Company surviving the Second-Step Merger. Following the consummation of the Integrated Mergers, Sun National Bank, a national bank, merged with and into OceanFirst Bank, National Association, a national bank (OceanFirst Bank), with OceanFirst Bank surviving such merger (together with the Integrated Mergers, the Transactions).On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the First-Step Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $5.00 per share, of Sun (the Sun Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than certain shares of Sun Common Stock that were cancelled for no consideration pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement), including each share of Sun Common Stock underlying the Sun restricted stock awards granted by Sun under the Sun Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, the Sun Bancorp, Inc. 2014 Performance Equity Plan, the Sun Bancorp, Inc. 2010 Stock-Based Incentive Plan and the Sun Bancorp, Inc. 2004 Stock-Based Incentive Plan (collectively, the Sun Plans), which restricted stock awards became fully vested at the Effective Time, and each share of Sun Common Stock underlying the Sun restricted stock unit awards granted by Sun under the Sun Plans, which restricted stock unit awards were cancelled at the Effective Time, was converted into the right to receive, at the election of the holder thereof (the Election) and subject to the allocation and proration procedures set forth in the Merger Agreement, either:(i) an amount in cash (the Cash Consideration) equal to $24.99 (which is the sum of (A) $3.78 and (B) $21.21 (the product of 0.7884 and $26.9058, the volume-weighted average trading price of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Company Common Stock) on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (as reported by The Wall Street Journal) for the five full trading days ending on the last trading day preceding January 31, 2018 (the Company Share Closing Price))); or(ii) 0.9289 shares of Company Common Stock, which is a number of shares of Company Common Stock equal to the quotient (the Exchange Ratio), rounded to the nearest one-ten thousandth, of (A) the Cash Consideration divided by (B) the Company Share Closing Price (the Stock Consideration and, together with the Cash Consideration and any cash (without interest) in lieu of fractional shares of Company Common Stock, the Merger Consideration).The Elections are subject to the allocation and proration procedures applicable to oversubscription and undersubscription of the Cash Consideration set forth in the Merger Agreement. The aggregate amount of Cash Consideration is $72,366,671.16, with approximately 2,895,825 shares of Sun Common Stock being converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration, and the remaining shares of Sun Common Stock being converted into the right to receive the Stock Consideration. The number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable as the Stock Consideration is 15,093,507. Based on the results of the Elections, the Cash Consideration is oversubscribed. Accordingly, (i) all of the Sun shares with respect to which a valid stock Election was made, and all of the non-Election shares under the Merger Agreement, were converted into the right to receive the Stock Consideration and (ii) 34% of the Sun shares with respect to which a valid cash Election was made (the Cash Election Shares) were converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration, while the remaining 66% of the Cash Election Shares were converted into the right to receive the Stock Consideration. The available Cash Consideration will be allocated on a pro rata basis among all of the holders of Cash Election Shares such that 34% of each such holders Cash Election Shares will be entitled to receive the Cash Consideration, and the remaining 66% of each such holders Cash Election Shares will be entitled to receive the Stock Consideration.Also at the Effective Time, each option to purchase shares of Sun Common Stock (each, a Sun Stock Option) was converted into an option to purchase shares of Company Common Stock on the same terms and conditions as were applicable prior to the Effective Time, except that the number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a converted Sun Stock Option was adjusted by multiplying the number of shares of Sun Common Stock subject to such Sun Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio (rounded down to the nearest whole share), and the exercise price per share of a converted Sun Stock Option was adjusted by dividing the exercise price per share of such Sun Stock Option by the Exchange Ratio (rounded up to the nearest whole cent).The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Transactions does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2017 and is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.

