Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On June 22, 2018, the Merger was consummated and, in accordance with the Merger Agreement, each share of Company common stock (the Common Stock and each a Share) issued and outstanding as of such date (other than Shares owned by any subsidiary of the Company, Parent, Merger Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), all of which were canceled, was automatically converted into the right to receive $84.00 in cash, without interest and subject to deduction for any required withholding tax (the Merger Consideration), and each former holder of such Shares ceased to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration.
Each unexercised stock option that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time with an exercise price per share less than the Merger Consideration was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration less the exercise price for each underlying Share. Each outstanding and unexercised stock option with an exercise price per Share equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration was canceled, without payment of any consideration payable therefor, and has no further force or effect. Each restricted stock unit award that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and unvested became fully vested and was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration for each underlying Share. Each performance-based share unit award that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time became fully vested with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been earned in accordance with the methodology set forth in the applicable award agreement (as in effect on the date of the Merger Agreement) or previously established by the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors and was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration for each underlying vested Share.
The aggregate consideration paid by Parent in the Merger was approximately $1.07 billion, excluding related transaction fees and expenses. Parent funded the payment of the aggregate consideration through a combination of cash made available to Parent by cash equity contributions from funds affiliated with Altaris, unrestricted cash-on-hand held by the Company and debt financing.
The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 10, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference.
