ITEM 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On May 4, 2018, the Company, entered into a share exchange acquisition agreement (the Acquisition Agreement) with ASG.
The Acquisition was effected by the Company through the exchange of all the outstanding membership interest of ASG for 19,473,400 shares of common stock of the Company, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. At the time of the Acquisition, there was one shareholder of the Company who is also a member and president of ASG. ASG has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the Company has taken over the operations and business plan of ASG. Prior to the Acquisition, the Company was a shell and had no ongoing business or operations.
ASG produces and sells products made with a new cultivar of grain, marketed as Anutra grain. Anutra grain has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the United Stated Department of Agriculture (USDA) as a regular food. We believe it is the highest and safest natural source of Omega-3s, antioxidants, fiber, calcium, complete protein, and other important phyto-nutrients. Anutra grain products are sold as food and nutritional supplements on the internet and through national health food retailers. Anutra grain is also sold to major food manufacturers as an ingredient for their products.
BUSINESS AND BUSINESS PLAN
Prior to the Acquisition, the Company had no business or operations. Pursuant to the Acquisition, the Company has acquired the business plan, operations and contracts of its now wholly-owned subsidiary, Anutra Super Grain LLC (ASG).
Business Overview
ASG produces and sells products made with a new cultivar of grain, marketed as ANUTRA Grain. ANUTRA Grain is a derivative and new non-GMO cultivar of an ancient Aztec crop called Salvia hispanica L, commonly called chia. We believe that this particular grain provides the highest and safest source of Omega 3s, antioxidants, fiber and complete protein, containing all essential amino acids, calcium and other important phytonutrients. ANUTRA Grain also contains a special, whole grain fiber and fourteen specific vitamins, minerals, and nutritional characteristics that we believe are all contributors to good health. ANUTRA Grain has been approved by the FDA and USDA as a regular food. ANUTRA Grain products are sold as food and nutritional supplements on the internet and through national health food retailers. ANUTRA Grain is also sold to major food manufacturers as an ingredient for their products.
2
2
Breakthrough Patented Technology
ASG was formed by Angelo S. Morini, a well-known pioneer in the health food industry. In 2013, Mr. Morini set-out to improve the consumer experience of ANUTRA Grain and other grain products. Whole ANUTRA Grain, and chia in general, has a gelatinous texture that works well for most applications, although the texture may be objectionable to some consumers. We believe that the solution to this textural problem is to find a way to grind the grains into a powder using Nano technology. Because of the grains oil content (30%), grinding the grain with traditional methods causes the oil to release and it becomes moist and sticky. Using knowledge gained throughout his career, Mr. Morini developed a process for converting ANUTRA Grain from whole grain to a light, fluffy, free flowing and non-oily powder called ANUTRA Microfine Chia Powder. Mr. Morini is the holder of a Process Patent (Patent No.: US 9,386,795 B2) for the technology he developed to create Microfine Chia Powder. The technology allows for the powders particle size to range from 100 microns to submicron (Nano), smaller than a human cell. Only time, temperature, PH and sheer are used in this process, nothing is added or removed, and the nutrition is significantly enhanced. This patent applies beyond ANUTRA Grain to all grains, seeds and food items based on the process and or particle size. We believe that this patented process opens the door to almost endless applications in the food, pet food, cosmetic, nutraceutical and medical industries.
Pursuant to a licensing agreement between the Company and Mr. Morini, the Company is the sole licensee of this patented technology in the US (Patent Licensing Agreement). The Patent Licensing Agreement gives the Company the rights and ability to sub-license the patented technology to produce Microfine Chia Powder for use in the food, pet, cosmetics, nutraceutical and medical industries in the US while also enabling the Company to employ the technology itself.
Products and Services  ANUTRA Grain
We believe that ANUTRA Grain is the worlds healthiest and one of the most compatible food ingredients. ANUTRA Grain is primarily grown 23 degrees north and south of the Equator, but we believe that the ideal spot is Central America which has a temperate climate and extensive cultivation of grains. Nutritionally, ANUTRA Grain contains essential ALA (Alpha Linolenic Acid) which competes with flax, fish oil and algae often promoted as natural sources of Omega-3. Flax also contains ALA but has a critical disadvantage as it contains cyanogen that converts to cyanide which can be life threatening. Flax is a thyroid and Vitamin B interrupter and may cause major birth defects, miscarriages and overall poor health. Fish Oil delivers DHA (Docosahexaenoic Acid) and EPA (Eicosapantaenoic Acid) which can raise bad LDL and total cholesterol levels. Also, fish oil and algae are not approved as a food or even GRAS (Generally Regarded as Safe) by the FDA or USDA due to dangers of over consumption. Furthermore, the FDA has banned any label claims for DHA and EPA (fish oil krill and algae) because the science is inconclusive as to whether it delivers any benefits. ANUTRA Grain is approved as a food by the FDA and USDA without limits and label claims are allowed.
In addition, ANUTRA Grain has complete protein with 18 amino acids including lysine, an amino acid not found in most other seeds or grains. It is exceptionally high in Omega 3s, fiber and antioxidants and provides a substantial natural source for calcium, magnesium, potassium and selenium as well as iron, manganese and other important minerals. Clinical studies on ANUTRA Grain properties show positive results in lowering blood pressure and cholesterol, body inflammation, blood thinning (the aspirin effect) and in reducing the risk of heart disease, cancer, diabetes, osteoporosis and more. We believe that ANUTRA Grain is natures most powerful super food and natures healthiest whole food plant or animal.
We believe that the ANUTRA Grain and its components also offer ASG additional product opportunities from its processing into oils, fibers, protein, and as a source for its other vitamins, minerals, and nutritional characteristics. This process is known as fractionating. These individual components of ANUTRA Grain can be sold to food and supplement manufacturers to bolster their ingredient and nutritional positions. The market potential for these components of ANUTRA Grain offer ASG significant and exciting new market opportunities. Because we believe that ANUTRA Grain is the worlds most nutritious and healthiest grain, we believe that its component parts and byproducts will have a significant competitive advantage for ASG over competing grains and other products.
Product Advantages
In the Omega-3 market, ANUTRA Grain is expected to be judged as a principal and superior competitor to flax, fish oil, krill and algae. Flax carries factors that are deleterious to health. It contains cianoglicosides which are toxic and has characteristics that inhibit the use of vitamin B by the body. Flax is also a thyroid interrupter that disrupts overall metabolism and may cause birth defects. Because flax can be life threatening, the consumption of flax seed is limited or banned in France, Argentina, Germany, Switzerland, Belgium and other countries.
The current and growing world market for edible flax products is approximately $5 billion in annual sales at retail. We believe that ANUTRA Grain can not only compete with flax as a nutritious food additive, but can do so without any of the problems associated with the consumption of flax.
ANUTRA Grain (Salvia hispanica L) chia has a food classification with the FDA and USDA, just as does wheat, rice, soy, corn, and other grains and foods. Flax and fish oil however, are limited and do not have the status as a classified regular food substance. In fact, the FDA lists Flax as a poisonous plant. ANUTRA Grain is far superior to flax, fish oil, krill and algae and any other delivery system for Omega-3s and its other important nutrients. ANUTRA Grain contains ALA Omega-3 the only essential Omega-3 Fatty Acid. DHA and EPA are by products of ALA division in the body.
By taking advantage of the natural contributors to health found in ANUTRA Grain, ASG can promote its products as completely new and innovative additions to a healthy diet. Consumers who are particularly conscious of their health may use the ANUTRA Grain products as additives or as substitutes for damaging food.
3
3
Plan of Operation and Presence in the Market
ASG is principally a marketing and sales organization for its food ingredients, retail products and licensing its unique technology. The various products offered by ASG are processed and packaged for ASG by a combination of in-house production and contract manufacturers.
To date, ASGs development work includes both marketing and feasibility studies, the sourcing of raw materials, the development of product formulas and manufacturing specifications, packaging and label designs and text, and the identification of market channels for the sale of the products. Among other early stage achievements, the results of these efforts also include:
Methods of dramatically expanding the cultivation of the ANUTRA Grain.

Methods of dramatically expanding the cultivation of the ANUTRA Grain.
The development of unique cutting-edge health foods using ANUTRA Grain The Worlds Healthiest Whole Food. Whole Grains, Flour, Oil, Vintage Reserve Jams, Peanut Butters, Cereal, Bars, Salad Dressings, Mayonnaises, Sauces, Frozen Beef Patties, Frozen Pizza, Frozen Chicken Nuggets, Frozen Sausages, Dairy products and 21 ANUTRA Plus Supplements to name some. To date approximately 50 SKUs are ready for marketing and sales. Over 230 products have been developed.

The development of unique cutting-edge health foods using ANUTRA Grain The Worlds Healthiest Whole Food. Whole Grains, Flour, Oil, Vintage Reserve Jams, Peanut Butters, Cereal, Bars, Salad Dressings, Mayonnaises, Sauces, Frozen Beef Patties, Frozen Pizza, Frozen Chicken Nuggets, Frozen Sausages, Dairy products and 21 ANUTRA Plus Supplements to name some. To date approximately 50 SKUs are ready for marketing and sales. Over 230 products have been developed.
Without the encumbrances and capital costs of large scale food processing and packaging operations, ASG will concentrate resources on developing sales in various channels for its products. These will include E-commerce, Multi-Level Marketing , retail grocery, health food stores, drug stores, restaurants, hospitals, schools, industrial food and pet food manufacturing and other places where food products are either made, sold or consumed. This core focus on marketing and sales will allow ASG to quickly increase the number of industrial, retail and food service sales agents and distributors who can place ANUTRA Grain products in wide and diverse market arenas.
We believe that within the supermarket and grocery products industry there is increasing pressure from consumers for healthier food choices. We believe that the obesity epidemic, diabetes, heart disease, cancer and other illnesses in the United States are increasing at an alarming rate and consumers are searching for solutions. We believe that the awareness of the connection between processed foods and these diseases has led to consumers demanding manufacturers reduce or eliminate harmful ingredients from their offerings. We believe that consumers want food ingredients that they can pronounce and understand. The introduction of Plant Based Omega-3, antioxidants, fiber, high quality complete protein, calcium, and other nutrients to these same foods is increasing. We believe that ASGs products will lead in the development of innovative products that combine clean ingredient labeling with exceptional taste and high nutritional values.
ASG will capitalize on these market trends by promoting The Worlds Healthiest Whole Food through the channels previously described. ASG will build awareness through TV, radio and print advertising, trade shows, E-Commerce (SEO), social media and personal selling. ASG will engage primarily experienced, commissioned sales agencies to scale the sales organization quickly. Using this approach, ASG can build a company combining rapid growth with high profitability. ASG has begun to penetrate the targeted industrial and consumer product markets. Its Industrial Division has successfully introduced the patented Microfine Chia Powder in bulk quantities for use by industrial food product manufacturers.
To date, ASG has been a product oriented company devoted solely to the development of its new and innovative products, as well as its patented disruptive technology. With the product development largely complete, ASG has shifted its focus to sales and marketing, with the goal of bringing health to America while also generating revenues and profits.
ASGs products will be sold by retail, industrial and food service sales agencies through distribution companies and in some cases direct. These food service and industrial sales agencies and distributors will not only sell ASGs products but will also develop pull through by showing the products to potential new customers. Each of the sales agencies will be paid a sales commission of 5% of the net wholesale price for all product of whole and ground grain. They will be paid 5% of the net wholesale price for all ANUTRA Microfine Chia Powders sold by them including reorders from customers in their territories.
The Market
The world production of chia in 2016 was approximately 80 million pounds but is expected to increase to some 480 million pounds by 2021 (see: http://www.statista.com/statistics/663458/chia-seed-market-value-worldwide). Currently, generic chia, is available in health food, grocery and drug stores nationally. There is a large presence of chia available on the internet as well. New products containing chia are introduced by food manufacturers at an increasing rate and superfoods of which ANUTRA Grain tops the list has increased over 200% in the past five years (see:http://www.mintel.com/press-centre/food-and-drink/super-growth-for-super-foods-new-product-development-shoots-up-202-globally-over-the-past-five-years). ANUTRA Microfine Chia Powder makes adding chia to food products easier and more acceptable to consumers and we believe will deliver a greater market share to Anutra.
Additionally, based on Mr. Morinis leading empirical and technical knowledge of the alternative dairy industry, he has developed a complete new line of dairy alternative products using ANUTRA Grain that we believe is the most contemporary and healthiest in the world. These ANUTRA Grain dairy alternative products will be line extensions marketed with a strong emphasis on their contribution to the health of the consumer. Early analysis has ASG moving into vegetable and nut milks as a natural evolution. There will be continuing research and analysis of the health food industry, by product category, to help ASG better prepare for these and other additional product roll outs.
4
4
Social Responsibility
ASG is committed to being a good steward of the environment and to be kind and fair to the growers whom we depend on so heavily. It is well known that the worlds appetite for animal protein is not sustainable. Production of these animal proteins consume significant resources like water and grain that could be used to feed humans. Additionally, the fecal runoff is damaging the ecosystem laying waste to ever-growing areas of the land and ocean. This is putting further pressure on species already in crisis. ANUTRA Grain has protein equivalent to animal protein and can contribute to solving this issue. Mr. Morini, our founder, has written three books that address in part the solution to animal protein crisis. ASG is committed to helping people in need and is evaluating a number of programs to make ANUTRA chia available to those people.
Marketing and Sales Strategy
The macro marketing and sales strategy consists of exposing and educating potential customers to ASGs products, especially Microfine Chia Powder, which we believe is our greatest competitive advantage. ASG will use a variety of methods to communicate our powerful message of health and ease of use specifically targeted to the various channels we have outlined. These methods consist of personal selling, advertising, trade shows and trade associations. We detail the specific marketing and sales tactics for each of ASGs business units as follows:
E-Commerce
ASG is in the process of updating the website with a contemporary professional approach. ANUTRA Grain Products will be sold direct to consumers through E-Commerce at www.anutra.com as well as Amazon and Walmart online. Additional online retailers are being recruited. ASG will build brand awareness and drive traffic to ASGs website using all social media platforms, Search Engine Optimization. (SEO), Google ads and other internet based marketing initiatives.
Google Ads
ASG plans to implement a Google Ads funnel campaign. The strategy is to draw in searchers (potential customers) through SEO. The tactics are presenting custom ads, free samples, information gathering, an upsell opportunity and a down sell opportunity. So, when an online searcher uses certain key words like diabetes for instance, a customized ad that speaks to ASGs unique features and benefits that help diabetics appears and offers them a free sample of Anutra. When the searcher clicks on the ad they are taken to a landing page with expanded information about ASG and diabetes and a free sample offer. The call to action is to fill out the required information to receive the free sample. When they submit the information, they are presented with an offer to purchase a larger quantity of ASG, like a 90 day supply and enticed by a deep discount. If they select no, another, more modest offer appears. If they select no again, the session is concluded, and their free sample is sent. If they select yes to either offer, they are taken to a check out page and the transaction is completed. At minimum, ASG now has the contact information of the searcher and the nature of their search. Further information and calls to action relating to their search can be sent to them electronically or by mail.
Micro Distributor Program
New entrepreneur micro distributors will receive a 25% discount on purchases for resale enabling an exciting beginning to health food distribution business.
Visit the Farmers
Today, loyal customers are interested in knowing where the products they purchase come from and the people who work so hard to supply those products. With this in mind, Anutra has created a program for customers to visit the farms in Central America. The farms are artisan in nature with families managing small plots of land typically working by hand. The region is mountainous with rich, nutritious volcanic soil and it is extremely beautiful country. The program provides an economic and inspirational link between people of varying cultures connected in the most basic terms of the food they eat. This program is totally at the customers expense. Our affiliates in country will coordinate tours of the farms, processing facilities and various points of interest.
Retail
ASG does not expect to pay slotting fees for retail store placements or product display positions. Instead, it will provide one to three free units of all products carried by each retail store as a free fill introduction. It will also participate in grocery store advertisements in the stores newspaper supplements and in-store coupons. The costs are built into the price the customer pays for the product. ASG also expects word of mouth referrals from people who try its products and find that they outperform less healthy competitors for taste, texture, and satisfaction. These word of mouth referrals will be encouraged by early stage in-store tasting promotions (demos) which will introduce consumers to ASGs products. A limited number of demos will be conducted. They will be chosen very carefully to ensure the largest potential return.
5
5
Radio, Television and Print Advertising
As sales grow and cash flow allow, ASG will initially target one significant TV market and advertise ANUTRA Grain as a plant based alternative to DHA and EPA from fish oil, algae and krill. Once the cost of customer acquisition is established the program will be systematically rolled out to the top ten markets nationally. We will offer retailers that stock ANUTRA Grain an available at their store mention in the ads. Based on the success of TV ads, and as cash flow allow, ASG will support the TV markets with radio spots. ASG will also contract for reoccurring ads in the following industrial trade publication: Food Manufacturing. A 1/8-page ad will be secured and will expand in size as sales increase and cash flow dictate.
Trade Shows
Trade shows are among the most effective vehicle to connect with product developers. Since ANUTRA Microfine Chia Powder is a new disruptive technology, it is not yet well known. We believe that targeting key industry trade shows will expose the ease of use and incorporation into any food formula. ASG plans to exhibit its products in the IFT National, as well as in numerous other regional trade shows, Expo West and Expo East, which are the two largest natural products shows in the country and at the PLMA show, which is the largest private label show in the country.
Trade Associations:
ASG will join the following associations: Institute of Food Technologists (IFT), the Private Label Manufacturers Association (PLMA) and the Plant Based Food Association (PBFA).
Food Service Channel
ASG will hire a commission based broker team in food service to focus on K-12, C&U, Healthcare and Plant Based menu restaurants. ASG will target, Management Companies like Aramark, Sodexo, Marriott, Compass, Premier, etc. to help them develop new contemporary menu items that are consistent with the evolving Plant Based position they are offering.
International
ASG is currently selling its products in Australia under the ANUTRA Brand through an affiliate. Additionally, ASG is selling to a distributor that distributes to GNC stores in the Asian market which consists of seven countries and over seven hundred retail outlets. As cash flow allows, ASG will continue to develop its international presence by attending the international trade shows Sial International Food Show and Anuga Food Fair.
Competition
Because of the innovative nature of ASGs core product, Anutra Microfine Chia Powder, and the patent license held by ASG, there are no true competitors. There are some other companies that offer whole seed ground or defatted chia powders, but not whole grain. Spectrum and Sunfood offer ground chia they call powder. Neither are the same as Anutra Microfine Chia Powder. They are a ground chia with mesh size of 60 or less. By contrast the companys product is 400 mesh, a much smaller particle size, which we believe significantly distinguishes our products. In the industrial channel, Glanbia sells a chia powder again it is 60-100 mesh. This size precludes their product from being used in many food production applications, especially beverages.
Suppliers
Grain Suppliers
ASG has a very close relationship with growers in Central America, which we believe is the worlds sweet spot for chia production. Mr. Elthon Eliot Urbina Velasquez is the owner of Agroexportadora Sociedad Annima, one of the key Agro companies in the region. Mr. Velasquez has committed to coordinate the planting and processing of raw materials to meet current and future needs of ASG. This deep connection to the growers will ensure that ASG has access to a continuous supply of raw material supplies as demand grows. Additionally, ASG has developed relationships with other top growers in Central America and commodities brokers to ensure supply options, including Bunker, EVI, BW Dyer, Chia Corp, Alquimia and others.
Contract Manufacturers
ASG will employ contract manufacturers and packers to produce its products. We believe that this tactic will enable ASG to exclusively focus on marketing and sales. ASG does currently produce test products in its research center in Clermont, Florida. The facility has State, FDA and USDA approved status. As volume grows, this operation will be transitioned to a contract manufacturer.
6
6
All of ASGs products will capitalize on established, strategic and successful manufacturers utilizing their facilities and best product formulas. These times tested and proven products will be modified by adding ANUTRA Grain or Patented Microfine Chia Powder without significantly changing the product in any way. For example; adding 1 gram of ANUTRA Microfine Chia Powder to an 8-ounce serving of vegetable or nut milk will provide an FDA claim of a good serving of Omega-3 and not impact the formulation of that product as it represents less that one half percent of the total.
Other than as provided in the foregoing, currently, ASG has not engaged any other principal suppliers or strategic partners.
Employees
ASG has approximately 7 employees. Future employee expansion will be in sales management. As warranted by sales volume and cash flow, ASG will add additional Regional Sales Managers and Sales Specialists per channel to more effectively support the sales agencies and customers.
Equipment Leases
On January 1, 2016, ASG entered into an Equipment Operating Lease Agreement with Angelo Morini pursuant to which ASG leased certain equipment from Mr. Morini described as Grinder, Shrink Wrap & Label Stamping Machines in exchange for 60 payments of $150 due on a monthly basis. The agreement shall expire on December 31, 2020 unless terminated prior to the end of the lease term.
On July 1, 2017, ASG entered into an Equipment Operating Lease Agreement with Angelo Morini pursuant to which Anutra leased certain equipment from Mr. Morini described as Auto Labeler in exchange for 60 payments of $100 due on a monthly basis. The agreement shall expire on June 1, 2022 unless terminated prior to the end of the lease term.
On November 1, 2017, ASG entered into an Equipment Operating Lease Agreement with Angelo Morini pursuant to which ASG leased certain equipment from Mr. Morini described as All Fill Machine in exchange for 60 payments of $100 due on a monthly basis. The agreement shall expire on October 1, 2022 unless terminated prior to the end of the lease term.
Patent License
Angelo S. Morini is the holder of a Process Patent (Patent No.: US 9,386,795 B2) for the technology he developed to create Microfine Chia Powder. Pursuant to a patent licensing agreement between Mr. Morini and the Company, the Company has a license to use, and sublicense, the technology covered by the patent. The patent license is effective for the duration of the patent in exchange for payments to be made to Mr. Morini a rate of $1,000,000 per year. Payment for the license can be made in cash or stock. The terms of this license are controlled at the sole discretion of Angelo S. Morini, who is an officer and director of the Company.
Property Lease
On November 23, 2016, Anutra Super Grain LLC (Anutra) entered into a lease agreement with Faiths Promise LLC to rent premises located at 248 Hatteras Avenue, Clermont, FL 34711, comprised of approximately 3000 square feet of space, at a base monthly rent of $2,247 per month plus common area maintenance fees. The lease term commenced on November 23, 2016 with a termination date of November 30, 2017. On December 4, 2017, the lease was extended for one additional year through December 31, 2018.
Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulation
ASGs products are governed by rules and regulations promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the United Stated Department of Agriculture (USDA) regarding the manufacture, distribution, labelling and sales of products characterized as regular foods. Any change in these rules and regulations may have an impact on ASGs business.
Costs and Effects of Compliance with Environmental Laws
Not applicable; provided, ASGs contract manufacturers and packers may be subject to compliance with environmental laws in connection with the production of ASGs food products.
Legal Matters
We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against Anutra, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which our directors, officers or any affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.
7
7
THE COMPANY
The Company was originally named Still Sound Acquisition Corporation (Still Sound) and incorporated on December 7, 2016 under the laws of the State of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions.
In January 2017, Still Sound Acquisition Corporation filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-12g pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and became a public reporting company. On March 15, 2018, the Company effected a change in control of Still Sound Acquisition Corporation. As part of that change in control, the then officers and directors of Still Sound resigned, but retained 500,000 shares of common stock and the Company redeemed 19,500,000 shares of the then 20,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Angelo Morini was appointed the sole officer and director of the Company and the Company issued 6,000,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Morini. In addition, the Company changed its name to Anutra Corporation.
The Companys corporate offices are located at 248 Hatteras Avenue, Clermont, FL 34711. The Companys email address is asmorini@anutra.com, and its website is https://anutra.com/. The Companys telephone number is 321-221-0233.
As a public reporting company pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act, the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission quarterly and annual reports and management shareholding information. The Company intends to deliver a copy of its annual report to its security holders, and will voluntarily send a copy of the annual report, including audited financial statements, to any registered shareholder who requests the same.
The Companys documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission may be inspected at the Commissions principal office in Washington, D.C. Copies of all or any part of the registration statement may be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference rooms. The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Commission.
Emerging Growth Company
The Company qualifies as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act which became law in April, 2012. The definition of an emerging growth company is a company with an initial public offering of common equity securities which occurred after December 8, 2011 and has less than $1 billion of total annual gross revenues during the last completed fiscal year. The disclosure regarding the company and The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act is incorporated herein by reference from the Form 10-12G filed on January 18, 2017.
2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Conditions
MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes to our financial statements included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors discussed elsewhere in this report.
Certain information included herein contains statements that may be considered forward-looking statements, such as statements relating to our anticipated revenues, gross margin and operating results, future performance and operations, plans for future expansion, capital spending, sources of liquidity, and financing sources. This forward-looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect anticipated results in the future, and accordingly, such results may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made herein. These risks and uncertainties include those relating to our liquidity requirements, the continued growth of the Companys industry, the success of our product development, marketing and sales activities, vigorous competition in the construction industry, dependence on existing management, leverage and debt service (including sensitivity to fluctuations in interest rates), domestic or global economic conditions, the inherent uncertainty and costs of prolonged arbitration or litigation, and changes in federal or state tax laws or the administration of such laws.
Overview
References to the financial condition and performance of the Company below in this section Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are to Anutra Super Grain LLC, the Companys wholly-owned subsidiary.
As of December 31, 2017, the Company had shareholders equity of $105,533, and a cash balance of $94,378. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company had net income of $90,867.
8
8
The Company anticipates that it will need no additional funds to maintain its current profitable mode of operations over the next twelve months to continue as a going concern, satisfy its capital commitments and continue its operations in accordance with its current business plan requiring no additional funding. In addition to revenues generated from sales, the Chief Executive Officer plans to continue to fund the Companys operations, if needed, during the next 12 months or until the Company can generate an ongoing source of capital sufficient to independently continue growing its operations.
Revenues and Net Income
During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company posted revenues of $276,131, cost of goods sold of $118,464, sales and marketing expenses of $24,550 and general and administrative expenses of $116,682, and net income of $90,867. In contrast, during the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company posted revenues of $349,344, cost of goods sold of $166,471, sales and marketing expenses of $51,731 and general and administrative expenses of $120,697, and net income of $10,594.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
As of December 31, 2017, the Company had cash available of $94,378. The Company may raise additional capital through sales of debt or equity, obtain loan financing or develop and consummate other alternative financial plans.
Discussion of Year ended December 31, 2017 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016
For the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company generated revenues of $276,131 on cost of goods sold of $118,464, sales and marketing expenses of $24,550 and general and administrative expenses of $116,682. In contrast, for the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company has generated revenues of $349,344 on cost of goods sold of $166,471, sales and marketing expenses of $51,731 and general and administrative expenses of $120,697. The decrease in revenues resulted primarily from our largest customer deciding that the one item they purchased had decreased demand.
Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2017 was $157,667, as compared to gross profit of $182,873 for the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease in gross profit is attributable to a decrease in revenues resulting primarily from our largest customer consolidating the set ASGs item was in and because ASG only had one item in the set they would need to remove it from the set.
During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company posted cost of goods sold of $118,464, sales and marketing expenses of $24,550 and general and administrative expenses of $116,682. In contrast, during the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company posted cost of goods sold of $166,471, sales and marketing expenses of $51,731 and general and administrative expenses of $120,697. The decrease in operating expenses was a result of diminished demand for the Companys products.
During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company posted net income $90,867 as compared to net income of $10,594 for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in net income is primarily due to retained customer deposits in 2017.
During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company used cash in operating activities of $10,814. During such period, the Company also used cash in investing activities in the amount of $1,480 and generated cash from financing activities of $91,999. In contrast, during the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company generated cash from operating activities of $44,840. During such period, the Company also used cash in financing activities of $37,333 but did not use any cash in investing activities.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements.
Equipment Financing
The Company has the following existing equipment financing arrangements:
On January 1, 2016, ASG entered into an Equipment Operating Lease Agreement with Angelo Morini, an officer and member of ASG (Mr. Morini), pursuant to which ASG leased certain equipment from Mr. Morini described as Grinder, Shrink Wrap & Label Stamping Machines in exchange for 60 payments of $150 due on a monthly basis. The agreement shall expire on December 31, 2020 unless terminated prior to the end of the lease term.
On July 1, 2017, ASG entered into an Equipment Operating Lease Agreement with Angelo Morini, an officer and member of ASG (Mr. Morini), pursuant to which ASG leased certain equipment from Mr. Morini described as Auto Labeler in exchange for 60 payments of $100 due on a monthly basis. The agreement shall expire on June 1, 2022 unless terminated prior to the end of the lease term.
On November 1, 2017, ASG entered into an Equipment Operating Lease Agreement with Angelo Morini, an officer and member of ASG (Mr. Morini), pursuant to which ASG leased certain equipment from Mr. Morini described as All Fill Machine in exchange for 60 payments of $100 due on a monthly basis. The agreement shall expire on October 1, 2022 unless terminated prior to the end of the lease term.
9
9
Source of Revenues
The Company earns revenue from selling its food products.
Alternative Financial Planning and Liquidity
As of December 31, 2017, the Company had cash available of $94,378.
The Company has no alternative financial plans at the moment. If the Company is not able to successfully raise monies as needed through a private placement or other securities offering (including, but not limited to, a primary public offering of securities), the Companys ability to implement its business plan may be jeopardized. The Company anticipates that it would need no additional funds to maintain its current profitable mode of operations over the next twelve months to continue as a going concern, satisfy its capital commitments and continue its operations in accordance with its current business plan requiring no additional funding.
Critical Accounting Policies
For the period ended December 31, 2017, the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States. The following significant accounting policies, involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations.
Basis of Presentation
The summary of significant accounting policies presented below is designed to assist in understanding the Companys financial statements. Such financial statements and accompanying notes are the representations of the Companys management, who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) in all material respects.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
Accounts Receivables and Revenue Recognition
Accounts receivable are recorded at the principal amount receivable and are shown net of an allowance for uncollectible accounts as follows 2017 $13,963 and 2016 $5,286. In establishing the allowance for uncollectible accounts management evaluates history with customers, their creditworthiness, and business and economic conditions.
Revenues are recognized upon shipment or transfer of the product to the customer, when the price is fixed or determinable and when collection of the sales price is reasonably assured. Products are sold under FOB shipping point terms.
Inventory and Costs of Goods Sold
Inventory consists of purchased grain and the related packaging materials and supplies. Inventory is stated at lower of cost or market on the first-in, first-out basis. Inventory and packaging costs are recognized in costs of goods sold when the associated revenue is recorded.
In July 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory ASU 2015-11. The amendments require an entity to measure in scope inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. The amendments do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method. The amendments apply to all other inventory includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost.
The Company adopted ASU 2015-11 as of January 1, 2017.
10
10
Equipment
Equipment is carried at cost. Depreciation is provided over the estimated useful lives of the assets on the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives for the different classes of depreciable assets are:
Furniture and Office Equipment 3  10 years Machinery and Equipment 20  25 years
3  10 years
Machinery and Equipment 20  25 years
20  25 years
Expenditures for repairs and renovations that extend the useful lives of the equipment are capitalized when the expenditure exceeds $2,500. Expenditures for costs below this amount are charged to expense as incurred.
Customer Deposits
The Company occasionally requests deposits from customers on large orders that will be shipped overseas. These amounts may be refunded or retained based on individual circumstances.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are included in sales and marketing expenses in the statements of income.
Income Taxes
The Company is taxed as a partnership therefore no provision is made for Federal or State income taxes. Taxes are paid by the members on their personal income tax returns based on their pro-rate share of income, gains, losses, deductions and credits.
None of the Companys Federal or State income tax returns are currently under examination by the taxing authorities. Tax years 2014 and later are subject to tax examination.
The Company has reviewed and evaluated tax positions taken and has determined there are no uncertain tax positions taken that would require recognition of a liability or asset or disclosure in the financial statements.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), This standard has been subsequently updated through a series of updates issued by the FASB in 2016. The updates provide additional clarification and implementation guidance. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The core principle of the new standard is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the payment to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard also includes enhanced disclosure requirements. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this standards to have a material effect on its financial statements.
In February 2016, The FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 31, 2018. Early adoption of the standard is permitted for all entities. This standard will require lessees to recognize right of use assets and lease liabilities arising from leases with terms of more than 12 months. Due the short-term nature of the companys leases, there is not expected to be significant impact.
MANAGEMENT
Officers and Directors
Angelo Morini serves as the sole officer and director of the Company. Mr. Morini also serves as the sole manager of ASG.
Angelo Morini
President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company
Angelo S. Morini serves as President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company. Mr. Morini has been involved in the food industry starting as a young boy in the family grocery. From 1970 to 1987, Mr. Morini created and developed Galaxy Foods which went public on NASDAQ SmallCap in 1987. He was Entrepreneur of the Year, State of Pennsylvania in 1975 and was featured on the cover of Success Magazine in 1992. In 1998, Mr. Morini rang the bell at the American Stock Exchange with Pizza Hut and Subway and again in 1999 co-branding with Galaxy, Pepsi Cola and Tropicana. Mr. Morini served on the Business Advisory Council under President George W. Bush. In 1989 he produced and directed Cooking with the Stars featuring top Hollywood celebrities. Beginning in 2003, Mr. Morini worked to develop and market plant based healthy whole foods based on the health benefits of the chia seed. In 2005, the FDA and USDA declared regular food status of the Anutra food products. Subsequently the products have been promoted by Christie Brinkley and Arnold Palmer. Mr. Morini is a graduate of the Ohio State University. He received an Honorable Discharge from the U.S. Navy in 1963. Mr. Morini has been featured in Time Magazine, Newsweek Magazine, IFT Magazine and others and has made hundreds of guest appearances on radio and television shows and has authored three books, including his most recent, Anutra Grain.
11
11
Director Compensation
Directors do not receive any compensation for serving on the Board of Directors.
Committees and Terms
The Board of Directors has not established any committees. The Company will notify its shareholders for an annual shareholder meeting and that they may present proposals for inclusion in the Companys proxy statement to be mailed in connection with any such annual meeting; such proposals must be received by the Company at least 90 days prior to the meeting. No other specific policy has been adopted in regard to the inclusion of shareholder nominations to the Board of Directors.
Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents
The Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws of the Company provide that the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as amended from time to time, indemnify all directors of the Company, as well as any officers or employees of the Company to whom the Company has agreed to grant indemnification.
Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law empowers a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers and to purchase insurance with respect to liability arising out of their capacity or status as directors and officers provided that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (I) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) arising under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
The Delaware General Corporation Law provides further that the indemnification permitted thereunder shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the directors and officers may be entitled under the corporations by-laws, any agreement, vote of shareholders or otherwise.
The effect of the foregoing is to require the Company to indemnify the officers and directors of the Company for any claim arising against such persons in their official capacities if such person acted in good faith and in a manner that he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.
INSOFAR AS INDEMNIFICATION FOR LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, MAY BE PERMITTED TO DIRECTORS, OFFICERS OR PERSONS CONTROLLING THE COMPANY PURSUANT TO THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS, IT IS THE OPINION OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION THAT SUCH INDEMNIFICATION IS AGAINST PUBLIC POLICY AS EXPRESSED IN THE ACT AND IS THEREFORE UNENFORCEABLE.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Summary Compensation
Angelo S. Morini has served as the only officer and director of the Company. Mr. Morini has also served as the only officer and director of Anutra Super Grain LLC, the wholly owned subsidiary. Mr. Morini received no compensation from either company for his services as an officer or director
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth information with respect to ownership of issued and outstanding stock of the Company as of the date hereof by each executive officer and director of the Company and any person or group known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of the Companys voting securities:
COMMON STOCK
Common Shares Percentage Owned Of Class(1) Angelo S. Morini (2)(3) 21,843,400 84% President and CEO
Common Shares
Percentage
Owned Of Class(1)
Owned
Of Class(1)
Angelo S. Morini (2)(3) 21,843,400 84%
21,843,400
84
%
President and CEO
(1) Based on 25,973,400 common stock shares outstanding. (2) Consists of 6,000,000 shares initially owned in the Company and 15,843,400 shares received in exchange for the 82% membership interest in ASG owned by him pursuant to the Acquisition. (3) Mr. Morinis address is 248 Hatteras Avenue, Clermont, FL 34711.
Based on 25,973,400 common stock shares outstanding.
(2) Consists of 6,000,000 shares initially owned in the Company and 15,843,400 shares received in exchange for the 82% membership interest in ASG owned by him pursuant to the Acquisition.
Consists of 6,000,000 shares initially owned in the Company and 15,843,400 shares received in exchange for the 82% membership interest in ASG owned by him pursuant to the Acquisition.
(3) Mr. Morinis address is 248 Hatteras Avenue, Clermont, FL 34711.
Mr. Morinis address is 248 Hatteras Avenue, Clermont, FL 34711.
12
12
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
James Cassidy, a partner in the law firm which acts as counsel to the Company, owns 250,000 shares of the Companys common stock.
James Cassidy and James McKillop were both formerly officers and directors of the Company and each own 250,000 shares of the Companys common stock. As the organizers and developers of the Company as Still Sound Acquisition Corp., Mr. Cassidy and Mr. McKillop were involved with the Company prior to the Acquisition. In particular, Mr. Cassidy provided services to the Company without charge, including preparation and filing of the charter corporate documents and preparation of the Companys regulatory filings.
In March 2018, the Company issued to Angelo S. Morini, the Companys sole officer and director, 6,000,000 shares of its common stock, with a par value equal to $0.0001 per share, as part of a change in control.
On May 4, 2018, the Company issued 15,843,400 shares of its common stock, valued at $0.0001 per share, to Angelo S. Morini, an officer and director of the Company, as a result of the Acquisition.
Pursuant to a patent licensing agreement between Mr. Morini and the Company, the Company has a license to use, and sublicense, the technology covered by the patent. The patent license is effective for the duration of the patent in exchange for payments to be made to Mr. Morini a rate of $1,000,000 per year. Payment for the license can be made in cash or stock. The terms of this license are controlled at the sole discretion of Angelo S. Morini, who is an officer and director of the Company.
On January 1, 2016, ASG entered into an Equipment Operating Lease Agreement with Angelo Morini pursuant to which ASG leased certain equipment from Mr. Morini described as Grinder, Shrink Wrap & Label Stamping Machines in exchange for 60 payments of $150 due on a monthly basis. The agreement shall expire on December 31, 2020 unless terminated prior to the end of the lease term.
On July 1, 2017, ASG entered into an Equipment Operating Lease Agreement with Angelo Morini pursuant to which Anutra leased certain equipment from Mr. Morini described as Auto Labeler in exchange for 60 payments of $100 due on a monthly basis. The agreement shall expire on June 1, 2022 unless terminated prior to the end of the lease term.
On November 1, 2017, ASG entered into an Equipment Operating Lease Agreement with Angelo Morini pursuant to which ASG leased certain equipment from Mr. Morini described as All Fill Machine in exchange for 60 payments of $100 due on a monthly basis. The agreement shall expire on October 1, 2022 unless terminated prior to the end of the lease term.
MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Dividends
The Company has not paid any dividends to date. The Company has not made any determination about if and when it will pay dividends on its common stock.
Preferred Stock
The Company has 20,000,000 authorized undesignated shares of preferred stock. No preferred stock has been designated nor issued.
Market Price
There is no public market for the Companys common stock and there is no market price for the Companys common stock.
13
13
Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities
The Companys Certificate of Incorporation include an indemnification provision that provides that the Company shall indemnify directors against monetary damages to the Company or any of its shareholders by reason of a breach of the directors fiduciary except (i) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct of (iii) for unlawful payment of dividend or unlawful stock purchase or redemption or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
The Bylaws of the Company provide that the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as amended from time to time, indemnify all directors of the Company, as well as any officers or employees of the Company to whom the Company has agreed to grant indemnification. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DCL) empowers a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers and to purchase insurance with respect to liability arising out of their capacity or status as directors and officers provided that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) arising under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The Delaware General Corporation Law provides further that the indemnification permitted thereunder shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the directors and officers may be entitled under the corporations by-laws, any agreement, vote of shareholders or otherwise.
The effect of the foregoing is to require the Company to indemnify the officers and directors of the Company for any claim arising against such persons in their official capacities if such person acted in good faith and in a manner that he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.
The Certificate of Incorporation does not specifically indemnify the officers or directors or controlling persons against liability under the Securities Act.
The Securities and Exchange Commissions position on indemnification of officers, directors and control persons under the Securities Act by the Company is as follows:
INSOFAR AS INDEMNIFICATION FOR LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 MAY BE PERMITTED TO DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND CONTROLLING PERSONS OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURSUANT TO THE RULES OF THE COMMISSION, OR OTHERWISE, THE SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER HAS BEEN ADVISED THAT IN THE OPINION OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION SUCH INDEMNIFICATION IS AGAINST PUBLIC POLICY AS EXPRESSED IN THE ACT AND IS, THEREFORE, UNENFORCEABLE.
