ITEM 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
At 5:57 p.m. Eastern time, on June 14, 2018, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 22, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement), among Time Warner Inc., a Delaware corporation (Time Warner), AT&T Inc., a Delaware corporation (AT&T), West Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T (Corporate Merger Sub), and West Merger Sub II, LLC (LLC Merger Sub), a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T (now known as Time Warner LLC), Corporate Merger Sub merged with and into Time Warner, with Time Warner continuing as the surviving entity and as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T (the First Merger). Immediately thereafter, Time Warner merged with and into LLC Merger Sub, with LLC Merger Sub being renamed Time Warner LLC and continuing as the surviving entity and as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T (together with the First Merger, the Mergers).
At the effective time of the First Merger (the Effective Time), each outstanding share of Time Warner common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Time Warner Common Stock), was converted into the right to receive 1.437 shares (the Exchange Ratio) of AT&T common stock, par value $1.00 per share (AT&T Common Stock), plus $53.75 in cash. AT&T issued approximately 1,185,300,105 shares of AT&T Common Stock to former holders of Time Warner Common Stock, inclusive of 50,194,565 shares to satisfy outstanding options. Each outstanding option to purchase shares of Time Warner Common Stock was converted into an option to acquire a number of shares of AT&T Common Stock on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such option award immediately prior to the First Merger, except that the exercise price and the number of shares of AT&T Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such option award were adjusted based on the option exchange ratio determined under a formula in the Merger Agreement, which yields approximately 3.0757. Each Time Warner restricted stock unit award, other than a restricted stock unit award held by a non-employee director of Time Warner, was converted, on the same general terms and conditions as were applicable under such restricted stock unit award immediately prior to the First Merger, into the right to receive a cash amount equal to $53.75 multiplied by the number of shares of Time Warner Common Stock underlying such restricted stock unit award, plus any accrued and unpaid retained distributions, in each case, without interest, and an AT&T restricted stock unit award covering a number of shares of AT&T Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Time Warner Common Stock underlying such restricted stock unit award multiplied by the Exchange Ratio. Each restricted stock unit award held by a non-employee director of Time Warner and each Time Warner performance stock unit vested and was cancelled in exchange for the merger consideration multiplied by the number of shares of Time Warner Common Stock underlying such restricted stock unit award or performance stock unit (determined after taking into account the satisfaction of any applicable performance conditions), plus any accrued and unpaid retained distributions, in each case, without interest and less applicable tax withholdings.
Based on the closing price of $32.52 per share of AT&T Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 14, 2018, the aggregate implied value of the consideration paid to former holders of Time Warner Common Stock in connection with the Mergers was approximately $81.0 billion, including approximately $38.5 billion in AT&T Common Stock and approximately $42.5 billion in cash.
The Time Warner Common Stock, which traded under the symbol TWX, will no longer trade on, and is being delisted from, the New York Stock Exchange. AT&T will include the operating results of Time Warner beginning with June 15, 2018 business.
The foregoing description of the Mergers contained in this Item 2.01 does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.
