Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 1.02 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.
Completion of the Merger
On June 1, 2018, Merger Sub merged with and into Fairmount Santrol, with Fairmount Santrol continuing as the surviving corporation. The Merger was immediately followed by the merger of Fairmount Santrol with and into Merger Sub LLC, with Merger Sub LLC continuing as the surviving entity and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Covia.
Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon the closing of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of common stock of Fairmount Santrol (Fairmount Santrol common stock) was converted into the right to receive (i) 0.20 fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock of Covia with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares, if any, without
interest, and (ii) approximately $0.73 in cash. The issuance of Covia common stock in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the Form S-4 filed by Covia and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 26, 2018. The proxy statement/prospectus included in the Form S-4 contains additional information about the Merger.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K, filed on December 11, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference. A more complete description of the Merger Agreement is included in the Proxy Statement filed on Form DEFM14A on April 26, 2018 in the section entitled The Merger Agreement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Covias press release, dated June 1, 2018, announcing the consummation of the Merger, is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
