Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On April 13, 2018, BlueLinx Corporation, a Georgia corporation (Parent) and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, completed its previously announced acquisition of Cedar Creek Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Cedar Creek), pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of March 9, 2018, by and among Parent, Cedar Creek, Panther Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub), and Charlesbank Equity Fund VII, Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership, as the stockholder representative thereunder. Upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, among other things, Merger Sub merged with and into Cedar Creek (the Merger) with Cedar Creek surviving the Merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company used the proceeds from the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility to finance the acquisition of Cedar Creek.
April 13, 2018
, BlueLinx Corporation, a Georgia corporation (
Parent
) and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, completed its previously announced acquisition of Cedar Creek Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
), pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the 
Merger Agreement
), dated as of March 9, 2018, by and among Parent, Cedar Creek, Panther Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (
), and Charlesbank Equity Fund VII, Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership, as the stockholder representative thereunder. Upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, among other things, Merger Sub merged with and into Cedar Creek (the 
) with Cedar Creek surviving the Merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company used the proceeds from the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility to finance the acquisition of Cedar Creek.
The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Merger Agreement attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2018, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.03Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
