Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
of
Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On May 31, 2018, Byline Bancorp, Inc. (Byline) completed its acquisition of First Evanston Bancorp, Inc. (First Evanston) pursuant to the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 27, 2017 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Byline, First Evanston and Wildcat Acquisition Corporation, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Byline (Merger Sub). Merger Sub was merged with and into First Evanston, with First Evanston surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Byline (the Merger). Immediately thereafter, First Evanston was merged with and into Byline (the Parent Merger and, together with the Merger, the Mergers). As a result of the Mergers, First Evanstons wholly owned subsidiary bank, First Bank & Trust, was merged with and into Byline Bank, with Byline Bank as the surviving bank.
At the effective time of the Mergers (the Effective Time), each share of First Evanstons common stock (the First Evanston Common Stock) was converted into the right to receive: (1) 3.994 shares of Bylines common stock, and (2) an amount in cash equal to $27.0 million divided by the number of outstanding shares of First Evanston Common Stock as of the closing date, with cash paid in lieu of any fractional shares. Options to acquire First Evanston Common Stock that are outstanding at the Effective Time were converted into options of substantially equivalent value to acquire Byline common stock. In the aggregate, Byline paid $27.0 million in cash and issued approximately 6.7 million shares of its common stock in respect of the outstanding shares of First Evanston Common Stock. The value of the total merger consideration at closing was approximately $178.6 million.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Bylines Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
