Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously reported, on March 11, 2018, Cogentix Medical, Inc. (the Company), Camden Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Purchaser), and a wholly owned subsidiary of LM US Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), which is an affiliate of Laborie Medical Technologies Canada ULC (Laborie), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Purchaser commenced, on March 26, 2018, a cash tender offer (the Offer) to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Shares), of the Company at a price of $3.85 per Share in cash, net to the seller in cash, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes (the Offer Price).
The Offer and withdrawal rights expired as scheduled at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, at the end of Friday, April 20, 2018. The Offer was not extended. Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., the depositary for the Offer, has advised that, as of the expiration of the Offer, 51,455,314 Shares (excluding 34,769 Shares tendered under guaranteed delivery procedures), representing approximately 84.5% of the Shares issued and outstanding as of the expiration of the Offer, were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer. As all conditions to the Offer were satisfied, Purchaser accepted for payment all Shares that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn (including those Shares tendered under guaranteed delivery procedures) pursuant to the Offer. Parent and Purchaser were required to make prompt payment of the Offer Price for such Shares.
Following expiration of the Offer and Purchasers subsequent acceptance for payment of the Shares, Purchaser had ownership sufficient to effect the merger (the Merger) under Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL) without a vote of stockholders of the Company. Accordingly, on April 23, 2018, Purchaser effected the Merger in which Purchaser merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the Merger and continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.
In the Merger, each Share outstanding (other than Shares accepted for payment in the Offer, Shares held by the Company, and Shares for which a stockholder of the Company has properly exercised appraisal rights under Delaware law) was converted into the right to receive a price per Share equal to the Offer Price.
The foregoing summary description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on March 12, 2018, and which is incorporated herein by reference.
