Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Items 1.01 and 1.02 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.
Completion of HPQ Carveout
On May 31, 2018, the Company contributed the assets comprising its global high purity quartz mining and production business to HPQ Co (the HPQ Contribution), in exchange for all of the stock of HPQ Co and the assumption by HPQ Co of the liabilities related to the business being transferred, in accordance with the Contribution Agreement. The transaction also included certain personnel and assets historically part of the Company that support coatings and polymers sales and research activities together with certain related intellectual property. The Company then sold 100% of the stock of HPQ Co to Sibelco in exchange for 169,550 shares of Company common stock held by Sibelco, in accordance with the Redemption Agreement (the HPQ Redemption). The HPQ Contribution and the HPQ Redemption are referred to collectively as the HPQ Carveout.
The HPQ Carveout constituted a significant disposition for purposes of Item 2.01 of Form 8-K. Pro forma financial information of the Company giving effect to the HPQ Carveout required by Item 9.01 is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
6
Completion of the Merger
On June 1, 2018, Merger Sub merged with and into Fairmount Santrol, with Fairmount Santrol continuing as the surviving corporation, followed immediately by the merger of Fairmount Santrol with and into Merger Sub LLC, with Merger Sub LLC continuing as the surviving entity and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon the closing of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of common stock of Fairmount Santrol (Fairmount Santrol common stock) was converted into the right to receive (i) 0.20 fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock the Company with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares, if any, without interest, and (ii) approximately $0.73 in cash. The issuance of Company common stock in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the Form S-4. The proxy statement/prospectus included in the Form S-4 contains additional information about the Merger.
Upon the closing of the Merger, the Companys common stock was approved for listing on the NYSE under the ticker symbol CVIA and began trading on June 1, 2018. Shares of Fairmount Santrol common stock, which previously traded under the ticker symbol FSMA on the NYSE, ceased trading on June 1, 2018.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Annex A to the Form S-4 and is incorporated herein by reference. A more complete description of the Merger Agreement is included in the Form S-4 in the section entitled The Merger Agreement and is incorporated herein by reference.
The Companys press release, dated June 1, 2018, announcing the consummation of the Merger, is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
Intellectual Property Agreements
On June 1, 2018, in connection with the consummation of the Merger, the Company entered into a trademark license agreement (the Trademark License Agreement), by and between the Company and Sibelco, pursuant to which the Company granted a worldwide (excluding North America and Mexico), royalty-free, non-exclusive license to Sibelco and its affiliates to use certain marks (including but not limited to the DUSTSHIELD and DST marks) in connection with industrial minerals and certain specified services. In addition, the Company granted Sibelco and its affiliates a royalty-free, nonexclusive license to use the DUSTSHIELD and DST marks in connection with the industrial minerals and certain specified services in North America and Mexico. The license conferred to Sibelco is perpetual unless terminated in accordance with the terms of the Trademark License Agreement.
On June 1, 2018, in connection with the consummation of the Merger, the Company entered into a trademark assignment agreement (the Trademark Assignment Agreement), by and between the Company and Sibelco Nederland N.V. (Sibelco Nederland), pursuant to which the Company assigned certain trademarks to Sibelco Nederland.
On June 1, 2018, in connection with the consummation of the Merger, the Company entered into six patent license agreements (the Patent License Agreements), by and between the Company and Sibelco, pursuant to which the Company granted Sibelco and its affiliates a worldwide (subject to certain restrictions contained in some of the Patent License Agreements), royalty-free, nonexclusive license to use certain patents.
The description of the Trademark License Agreement, the Trademark Assignment Agreement and the Patent License Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of these agreements, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.12-10.19.
Cash Redemption
As disclosed in the Form S-4, prior to the consummation of the Merger, the Company entered into a redemption agreement (the Stock Redemption Agreement) and an intercompany note (the Intercompany Note) with Sibelco, pursuant to which the Company redeemed 208,089 shares of its common stock held by Sibelco in exchange for an obligation of the Company to pay Sibelco approximately $520 million on June 1, 2018. This obligation was satisfied in connection with the closing of the Merger on June 1, 2018. The redemption was financed with the proceeds of the Credit Agreement.
The description of the Stock Redemption Agreement and the Intercompany Note does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of these agreements, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.20 and 10.21.
Copies of the Merger Agreement and the other agreements filed herewith have been made available in order to provide investors and security holders with information regarding their terms. They are not intended to provide any other factual information about the registrant or Fairmount Santrol. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement and the other agreements filed herewith have been made solely for the purposes of those agreements and as of the specific dates therein, were solely for the benefit of parties thereto, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties thereto instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to stockholders. Investors and security holders are not third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement or the other agreements filed herewith and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties thereto or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may have changed after the dates of the Merger Agreement or the other agreements filed herewith.
7
