Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On April 3, 2018, Crown Holdings, Inc. (the Company) completed its previously announced acquisition of Signode Industrial Group Holdings (Bermuda) Ltd. (Signode) from an affiliate of the Carlyle Group pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 19, 2017 and as amended and restated on December 26, 2017 (such agreement, as previously and further amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement, and such acquisition, the Signode Acquisition).
Company
) completed its previously announced acquisition of Signode Industrial Group Holdings (Bermuda) Ltd. (
) from an affiliate of the Carlyle Group pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 19, 2017 and as amended and restated on December 26, 2017 (such agreement, as previously and further amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the 
Merger Agreement
, and such acquisition, the 
Signode Acquisition
).
As a result of the Signode Acquisition, Signode became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company paid a purchase price of approximately $3.9 billion in cash, representing $1.6 billion of purchase price and $2.3 billion of debt and certain other liabilities assumed, subject to customary closing adjustments.
The consideration paid by the Company for the Signode Acquisition was financed using available cash on hand, including proceeds from the Companys (i) offering of 335 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2023 and 500 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2026, both issued by Crown European Holdings S.A., a subsidiary of the Company, and $875 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2026, issued by Crown Americas LLC and Crown Americas Capital Corp. VI, both subsidiaries of the Company, and (ii) borrowings of $100 million in aggregate principal amount of Additional Term A Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below), $1.15 billion in aggregate principal amount of Dollar Term B Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and 750 million in aggregate principal amount of Euro Term B Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement), in each case under the Companys Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2017 (as previously and further amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement).
).
The foregoing description of the Signode Acquisition does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on December 26, 2017 (the Signing 8-K) and incorporated herein by reference. Item 1.01 of the Signing 8-K is incorporated herein by reference, to the extent not inconsistent with or superseded by subsequent public filings or the description contained herein.
SEC
) on December 26, 2017 (the 
Signing 8-K
) and incorporated herein by reference. Item 1.01 of the Signing 8-K is incorporated herein by reference, to the extent not inconsistent with or superseded by subsequent public filings or the description contained herein.
Item 8.01. Other Events.
