Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On June 11, 2018, Cryo-Cell completed its acquisition of substantially all of the assets (the Cord Purchase) of Cord:Use Cord Blood Bank, Inc., a Florida corporation (Seller), in accordance with the definitive Asset Purchase Agreement between Cryo-Cell and Seller (the Purchase Agreement), including without limitation Sellers inventory of public cord blood units existing as of the closing date (the Public Cord Blood Inventory) and Sellers shares of common stock of Tianhe Stem Cell Biotechnologies, Inc., an Illinois corporation (the Tianhe Capital Stock). Seller was in the business of public and private cord blood and tissue, collection, processing, storage and banking.
The aggregate consideration payable at closing under the Purchase Agreement is $14,000,000, with $10,500,000 payable in cash and the balanced being paid through the delivery to Seller of 465,426 shares of Cryo-Cells common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock), at $7.44 per share. In addition, Cryo-Cell assumed certain limited liabilities incurred by Seller in connection with its business that remain unpaid as of the closing date and that directly relate to the services to be provided after closing by Cryo-Cell. Cryo-Cell also assumed certain of Sellers contracts and the obligations arising therefrom after the closing.
Additionally, Seller is entitled to an earnout from Cryo-Cells sale of the Public Cord Blood Inventory from and after closing in excess of certain thresholds, payable in cash and/or additional shares of Common Stock, on the terms set forth in the Purchase Agreement, and, in certain circumstances further described in the Purchase Agreement, Seller also is entitled to a portion of the gross profits generated, or deemed to have been generated, by Cryo-Cell from its ownership of the Tianhe Capital Stock.
The shares of Common Stock were issued to Seller in a private transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act) under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the agreement, previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Report on Form 8-K field on February 20, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference.
