Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On April 30, 2018, Delanco Bancorp, Inc. (the Company) completed its previously announced merger with First Bank (First Bank), a New Jersey chartered commercial bank, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of October 18, 2017 (the Merger Agreement), as amended March 12, 2018, by and between First Bank and the Company, pursuant to which the Company merged with and into FB Merger Corp. (Merger Sub), a wholly owned subsidiary of First Bank, with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving corporation (the Merger). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Company Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (except for the Canceled Shares (as such term is defined the Merger Agreement)) was converted into the right to receive 1.11 shares of the common stock, par value $5.00 per share, of First Bank (the Merger Consideration). Also at the Effective Time, each option to purchase Company Common Stock was converted into the right to receive an amount equal to $15.94 less the option exercise price, if such amount was greater than zero.
Simultaneously with the consummation of the Merger, Delanco Federal Savings Bank (Delanco Bank), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, merged with and into First Bank, with First Bank surviving such merger. In addition, First Bank as sole shareholder of Merger Sub dissolved Merger Sub.
The foregoing description of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 24, 2017, and to Amendment No. 1 to the Merger Agreement, which was attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2018, each of which are incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.
