Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On April 2, 2018, Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (the Partnership) completed its previously announced acquisition from USA Compression Holdings, LLC (USAC Holdings) of (i) all of the outstanding limited liability company interests in USAC Compression GP, LLC (USAC GP), the general partner of USA Compression Partners, LP (USAC), and (ii) 12,466,912 common units representing limited partner interests in USAC (USAC Common Units) for cash consideration equal to $250 million (the GP Purchase). Concurrently with the completion of the GP Purchase, and pursuant to that certain Equity Restructuring Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2018, by and among the Partnership, USAC GP and USAC, USAC cancelled its incentive distribution rights and converted its economic general partner interest into a non-economic general partner interest (GP/IDR Restructuring and, together with the GP Purchase, the Transactions), in exchange for the issuance of 8,000,000 USAC Common Units to USAC GP.
In connection with the closing of the Transactions, and as previously disclosed in the Partnerships Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 16, 2018, the Partnership entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with USAC, USAC Holdings and Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. (ETP). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Partnership has certain rights to require USAC to file and maintain the effectiveness of a registration statement with respect to the re-sale of the USAC Common Units owned by the Partnership, and under certain circumstances, to require USAC to initiate underwritten offerings for such USAC Common Units. In addition, subject to certain exceptions, the Partnership has agreed to certain transfer restrictions relating to the USAC Common Units.
The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.
Item 7.01.Regulation FD Disclosure.
