Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On April 3, 2018, Everbridge Holdings Limited (Holdings), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Everbridge, Inc. (the Company), closed on the acquisition of 184,746,970 shares of Unified Messaging Systems ASA (UMS) that had been tendered pursuant to a voluntary tender offer by Holdings to purchase all of the outstanding shares of UMS (the Acquisition). Together with purchases made by Holdings on the open market, Holdings now holds 186,484,989 shares of UMS, representing approximately 94.2% of the total shares in UMS on a fully diluted basis. Pursuant to a Transaction Agreement (the Transaction Agreement) dated February 13, 2018, by and among Holdings, the Company, and UMS, Holdings paid 1.37 Norwegian kroner per share of UMS. Based on this price, the aggregate price paid by Holdings for the tendered UMS shares was approximately 253 million Norwegian kroner
In addition, Holdings has entered into conditional purchase agreements with holders of options to purchase 2,285,000 shares of capital stock of UMS (the Options), whereby Holdings will purchase the Options at a price equal to the difference between the Offer price and the exercise price for the Options, subject to closing of the Offer. The aggregate purchase price for the Options is 1,066,700 Norwegian kroner. Holdings expects to close on the purchase of the Options by the middle of April.
Holdings intends to initiate a compulsory acquisition of the remaining outstanding shares of UMS in accordance with applicable laws and propose that an application is filed with the Oslo Stock Exchange to de-list the shares of UMS.
The foregoing description of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 20, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. The Transaction Agreement has been filed to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, Holdings or UMS.
