Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Entry into and Closing of Equity Purchase Agreement
On June 1, 2018, EVO Transportation & Energy Services, Inc. (the Company) entered into an equity purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (Peck) pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares (the TR Shares) in Thunder Ridge Transport, Inc., a Missouri corporation (Thunder Ridge), from Peck and Thunder Ridge became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Thunder Ridge is based in Springfield, Missouri and is engaged in the business of fulfilling government contracts for freight trucking services.
As consideration for the TR Shares, the Company issued a promissory note dated June 1, 2018 in the principal amount of $2,500,000 to Peck (the TR Note). The TR Note bears interest at 6% per year with a default interest rate of 9% per year and has a maturity date of the earlier of (a) the date the Company raises $40,000,000 in public or private offerings of debt or equity; (b) December 31, 2018 and (c) termination of Pecks employment with the Company by the Company without cause or by Peck for good reason. The TR Note is secured by all of the assets of Thunder Ridge pursuant to a security agreement dated June 1, 2018 between the Company, Thunder Ridge, and Peck (the Security Agreement), and is also secured by the TR Shares, which the Company pledged to Peck pursuant to a stock pledge agreement dated June 1, 2018 between the Company and Peck (the Pledge Agreement).
The Company also agreed to pay $450,000 on behalf of Thunder Ridge to the Bank of Missouri, Thunder Ridges lender, within ten business days following such time as the Company raises at least $40,000,000 in a public or private debt or equity offering. In addition, approximately $1.8 million of Thunder Ridge indebtedness remained outstanding following completion of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.
If the Company fails to repay the amounts outstanding under the TR Note or the $450,000 on or before December 31, 2018, Peck has the right to require the Company to return the TR Shares and effectively rescind the sale of the TR Shares to the Company.
The descriptions set forth above of the Purchase Agreement, the TR Note, the Pledge Agreement, and the Security Agreement are not complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of the Purchase Agreement, the TR Note, the Pledge Agreement, and the Security Agreement, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 2.1, 10.1, 10.2, and 10.3, the terms of which are incorporated by reference.
Trey Peck Employment Agreement
On June 1, 2018, the Company entered into an employment agreement (the Peck Employment Agreement) with Peck pursuant to which Peck will serve as the executive vice president of business development of the Company. The Peck Employment Agreement provides for an initial term of four years, with automatic extensions (absent notice to the contrary) of one year upon the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term. Under the Peck Employment Agreement, Peck will be entitled to base compensation of $200,000 per year, incentive compensation based on Pecks performance as determined by the Companys board of directors and awards of stock options pursuant to any plans or arrangements the Company may have in effect from time to time.
If Peck is terminated without cause or he resigns with good reason, he will be entitled to receive severance, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a release of claims in favor of the Company and its officers, directors and affiliates, equal to any unpaid base salary, reimbursement for unpaid expenses and all other accrued payments or benefits through his termination date, plus the greater of: (1) his monthly base salary at the level in effect immediately prior to his termination date, multiplied by number of full or partial months, if any, in the period beginning on his termination date and ending on the date his initial employment term would have ended, if later than his termination date or (2) one-half of his annual base salary at the level in effect immediately prior to his termination date.
2
2
The Peck Employment Agreement also includes a customary confidentiality covenant and one-year post-termination nonsolicitation and non-interference covenants.
The description set forth above of the Peck Employment Agreement is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Peck Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith and the terms of which are incorporated by reference.
