Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
November 2, 2016 Excel Corporation entered into a Loan and Security Agreement among GACP Finance Co.,LLC, as Agent, the Lenders from time to time thereto, as Lenders, Excel Corporation, as Borrower, and certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower, as Guarantors. Excels Form 8-K dated November 2, 2016 includes more complete description of the Loan Agreement and the Loan Agreement was an exhibit to the report.
On May 5, 2017 Excel Corp received written notice from GACP that it was in default under the terms of the Loan and Securities agreement dated November 2, 2016. As result, the Lender had the right to declare all amounts under the Loan Agreement due and payable. This information was provided by Excel Corp on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2017.
On February 15, 2018 notice was given that GACP Finance Co., as Agent, Secured Party, will offer for sale at public auction the following property:
(a)all right, title and interest of Excel Corporation of Excel Corporation, a Delaware corporation, in and to (i) 100% of the membership interest in Payprotec Oregon, LLC, and Oregon limited liability company, (ii) Certificate No. 2 for 100 shares of Excel Business Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, representing all of its issued and outstanding common stock, and/or (iii) Certificate No. 1for 100 shares of eVance Processing, Inc., a Delaware corporation, representing all of its issued and outstanding common stock: and/or
(a)
all right, title and interest of Excel Corporation of Excel Corporation, a Delaware corporation, in and to (i) 100% of the membership interest in Payprotec Oregon, LLC, and Oregon limited liability company, (ii) Certificate No. 2 for 100 shares of Excel Business Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, representing all of its issued and outstanding common stock, and/or (iii) Certificate No. 1for 100 shares of eVance Processing, Inc., a Delaware corporation, representing all of its issued and outstanding common stock: and/or
(b)all rights, title and interest of Excel Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Payprotec Oregon, LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, Excel Business Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation and/or eVance Processing, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together, the Debtors), in an to substantially all of the property of the Debtors, whether tangible or intangible, real or personal, now or hereafter owned, existing, acquired or arising and wherever now or hereafter located, and whether or not eligible for lending purposes.
(b)
all rights, title and interest of Excel Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Payprotec Oregon, LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, Excel Business Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation and/or eVance Processing, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together, the Debtors), in an to substantially all of the property of the Debtors, whether tangible or intangible, real or personal, now or hereafter owned, existing, acquired or arising and wherever now or hereafter located, and whether or not eligible for lending purposes.
The auction was held April 9, 2018 at the law offices of Paul Hastings LLP, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10166. At this time The OLB Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation , entered into a Memorandum of Sale with GACP Finance Co., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company , acting solely in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent to certain secured lenders of the Debtors, pursuant to which OLB Group acquired substantially all of the assets of the Debtors through a foreclosure sale conducted under the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York (UCC) of the collateral of Excel Corporation and its subsidiaries, Payprotec Oregon, LLC, Excel Business Solutions, Inc. and eVance Processing, Inc. (Excel and such subsidiaries, collectively, the Debtors) under the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2016, by and among GACP, the lenders thereunder and the Debtors, and related loan documents, as amended (the Excel Loan and Security Agreement).
Debtors
Excel Loan and Security Agreement
OLB Group plans to retain the majority of the employees of the acquired companies.
2
