ITEM 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On June 8, 2018, Fah Mai Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company or Fah Mai Delaware), entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement) with Fah Mai Holdings Co., Ltd., a private company organized under the laws of the Thailand (Fah Mai Thailand). Under the Merger Agreement, the Company issued to the shareholders of Fah Mai Thailand 400,000 shares of its common stock, valued at $0.0001 per share, in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding equity securities of Fah Mai Thailand (the Merger). Mr. Louis Haseman, who is an officer, director and shareholder of the Company, was an officer and equity holder of Fah Mai Thailand prior to the Merger. As a result of the Merger, Fah Mai Thailand has merged into the Company and ceased to exist and the Company has taken over the operations and business plan of Fah Mai Thailand. This is a merger of net assets between entities under common control. The net assets and liabilities of Fah Mai Thailand will be recorded on the books of the Company at their historical values.
Fah Mai Thailand is an early-stage company whose current business is in acquiring, holding and divesting alternative assets, specifically rare whiskey and similar commodities that the Company expects to increase in value. The Company also expects to open member only clubs designed to cater to rare liquor connoisseurs and high net worth individuals, which shall also function as distribution and marketing centers for the divestment of its assets.
BUSINESS AND BUSINESS PLAN
Prior to the Merger, Fah Mai Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company or Fah Mai Delaware) had limited business and operations. As a result of the Merger, the Company has acquired the business plan, operations and contracts of Fah Mai Holdings Co., Ltd., a private company organized under the laws of the Thailand, and its subsidiaries (Fah Mai Thailand).
The Business:
Overview
Fah Mai Thailand is an early-stage company whose current business is in acquiring, holding and divesting alternative assets, specifically rare whiskey and similar commodities. Fah Mai Thailands acquisition strategy is to purchase alternative assets that Fah Mai Thailand expects will have a high incline in asset worth. Fah Mai Thailand also expects to open member only clubs designed to cater to rare liquor connoisseurs and high net worth individuals, which shall also function as distribution and marketing centers for the divestment of its assets.
Fah Mai Thailands initial acquisition strategy is to acquire rare whisky because Fah Mai Thailand expects that such assets will appreciate in value by 15-25% percent per year. Further, Fah Mai Thailand will initially acquire whiskey as its initial asset class targeted for acquisition since whiskey has a diverse unit purchase price that would allow Fah Mai Thailand to purchase units whose costs range from $100 per unit up to units in excess of $500,000 per unit. Fah Mai Thailand expects that once it has built a solid base of rare whisky assets, it will broaden its acquisition strategy to target other appreciating alternative asset classes, such as stamps, cognacs, comics, memorabilia, watches and cars. Fah Mai Thailand believes that these alternative asset classes present an attractive opportunity to investors because of the anticipated high returns on investment and their idiosyncratic appeal.
In addition, in order to maximize profits from our whisky, Fah Mai Thailand plans on opening five exclusive member only clubs to be located in Tokyo, Bangkok, London, New York and Shanghai. These clubs shall be designed to be high-class drinking establishments that will also function as marketing venues and retail outlets for the divestment of its assets. From these outlets, Fah Mai Thailand expects that it will be able to realize a 150-200% profit from the liquor sold in these establishments.
Fah Mai Thailand has developed a new concept of whisky investment called Cask Fractions under its brand Platinum Cask. Platinum Cask is offering a unique investment opportunity. We are pioneering a concept we call Cask Fractions.
A Cask Fraction is a percentage of the contents of a cask. Due to the fact that as a cask ages, and its volume of spirit decreases (the angels share), the simplest way to break it down is into fractions. Each cask is broken down into a different number of fractions depending on its value to get a conformed GBP 20.00 (approximately US$27) starting value for each fraction.
Using Cask Fractions to break down casks owned by Platinum Cask, Fah Mai Thailand will be able to pull liquidity out of its assets in order to purchase additional assets without losing the assets value as a company.
Furthermore, Fah Mai Thailand will start an online whisky auction business to generate solid revenue. The whisky online auction market is small at the moment, which means it will be easy to capitalize on this particular market. Fah Mai Thailands whisky auction site will undercut all existing sites commissions and listing fees in order to achieve this. Fah Mai Thailands whisky auction site will be able to do this and still make money as the commissions saved by not paying to other auction sites when acquiring whisky assets will make up for the lower commission charges and listing fees to customers.
We see the opportunity for revenue generation through the creation of both our independent bottling company and our online whisky auction, which we believe will primarily benefit the rare whisky collection.
Our bottling label Platinum Cask LTD, has been created to act as the primary channel though which we will sell the assets held in the rare whisky collection at such a time as we see fit. The creation of the Platinum Cask brand at such an early stage in the collections lifespan is purely to build brand awareness and confidence, thereby, increasing the potential profitability of the rare whisky assets in years to come.
In order to build awareness of the Platinum Cask brand, we intend to bottle and sell our own whisky which will be sourced and selected from our own cask collection that forms a small part of the greater rare whisky collection. This process of collecting, trading and bottling of our own casks will generate an additional income for FMH via Platinum Cask LTD.
The creation of our own Online Whisky Auction will also directly benefit the rare whisky collection, whilst also offering an opportunity to generate additional income. By creating our own whisky auction, the collection will directly benefit by avoiding the cost of auctioneers fees that we currently pay to third-party auction companies. The money we spend on fees that currently run between 10 to 15% before tax, can be partly re-channeled into the promotion and operation of the auction company itself. This would grow the number customers using the service, increasing the number of bottles that we would have access to at a zero-fee rate and also providing extra income through fee we would be able to charge our customers for using our service.
We do not anticipate needing to spend as much on the operation of our own whisky auction as we currently do on fees when acquiring bottles from third parties. This would enable us to direct more money to the collection itself.
Summary of Operations
The Company is an early-stage company whose current business is in acquiring, holding and divesting alternative assets, specifically rare whiskey and similar commodities. Fah Mai Thailand has a fully staffed and operating business office located at 1000/196,199 Liberty Buildings, 3rd Floor, Sukhumvit 55 Road, Klongton Nua, Wattana, Bangkok 10110.
It is Fah Mai Thailands goal to grow a collection of alternative assets that Fah Mai Thailand expects will significantly appreciate in value. To date, Fah Mai Thailand has acquired a collection of of rare whiskey, which it plans to either hold or re-sell depending on market conditions.
At the present time, Fah Mai Thailand does not anticipate or foresee a material effect on its business from existing or probable governmental regulations.
Risks and Uncertainties facing the Company
As an early-stage company, Fah Mai Thailand has limited operating history and is expected to continuously experience losses in the near term. Fah Mai Thailand needs to increase its revenue or locate additional financing in order to continue its developmental plans. As a company in the early part of its life, management of Fah Mai Thailand must develop and market its technologies in order to execute the business plan of Fah Mai Thailand on a broad scale. Fah Mai Thailand anticipates that it would need approximately $281,000 over the next 12 months to continue as a going concern and expand its operations in accordance with its current business plan.
One of the biggest challenges facing Fah Mai Thailand will be in securing adequate capital to maintain our operations and implement effective sales, marketing and distribution strategies to reach our intended end customers. Fah Mai Thailand has considered and devised its initial sales, marketing and advertising strategy, however, Fah Mai Thailand will need to skillfully implement this strategy in order to achieve success in its business.
Due to financial constraints and the early stage of Fah Mai Thailands life, Fah Mai Thailand has to date conducted limited advertising and marketing to reach customers. In addition, Fah Mai Thailand has not yet located the sources of funding to develop Fah Mai Thailand on a broader scale through acquisitions or other major partnerships. If Fah Mai Thailand were unable to locate such financing and/or later develop strong and reliable sources of potential customers and a means to efficiently reach buyers and customers, it is unlikely that Fah Mai Thailand could develop its operations to return revenue sufficient to further develop its business plan. Moreover, the above assumes that Fah Mai Thailands services are consistently met with client satisfaction in the marketplace and exhibit steady success amongst the potential customer base, neither of which is reasonably predictable or guaranteed.
Due to these and other factors, including Fah Mai Thailands need for additional capital, Fah Mai Thailands independent auditors have issued a report indicating substantial doubt of Fah Mai Thailands ability to continue as a going concern.
The Market: Rare Whisky
There are two main markets to be considered with regards to Scotch Whisky: the Primary Market, being the main market for whisky consumption, and the Secondary Market, being made up of older, rarer whiskies mostly for collection and a more high-end clienteles consumption taste. Whereas the Primary Market has seen a decline in sales and interest in recent years, due to consumer spending habits, geo political issues and global economic uncertainty, the Secondary Market has been bolstered by an increased interest in alternative investment strategies spurred on by the same political issues and global economic uncertainties. As a result, the Company seeks to establish a significant presence in the Secondary Market as the focus of its operations and market strategy.
Primary Market
In 2015, the value of Scotch whisky exports in the Primary Market reached $5.18 billion (3.86 billion), representing a decline of 2.4% from $5.30 billion (3.95 billion) in 2014. This compared to a 7% decline from 2013 to 2014, indicating a slowing decline, and puts the total value of exports at 56% higher than a decade ago. The volume of Scotch exports was down by 2.8% in 2015 to 1.16 billion bottles, from 1.19 billion in 2014.
The last decade has been a period of very strong growth up until 2013, according to the Scotch Whisky Association. Following that, there has been a limited slowdown due to global instability, market conditions in certain countries, and exchange rate fluctuations. While challenges remain, growth is returning in more mature markets while emerging markets still provide good potential. In short, prospects for growth remain strong but the industry continues to face challenging global economic conditions.
The biggest declines of Scotch exports by value were seen in Brazil (-30%), Latvia (-33%), South Korea (-15%) and South Africa (-10%). Strong performers included the US, which maintained an export value of $1.01 billion (749 million), accounting for nearly a fifth of all Scotch exports. Other strong performers included Japan, which saw the value of Scotch exports rise by 18% to $102 million (76 million). Mexico increased its value by 17% to $154 million (115 million), Turkey up 24% to almost $71 million (53 million) and China returned to the top 20 markets with an increase of 5% to $55 million (41 million). Further growth was seen in the Netherlands, which saw the value of exports increase by 30% to $99 million (74 million), and Poland where exports increased to $71 million (53 million)  a 20% increase. Date source: SWA Scotch Whisky Exports Review 2015.
Secondary Market
The Secondary Market, which is conducted mostly through private sales and auction houses, has continued to see interest and growth in contrast to sales in the Primary Market.
By looking at the number of lots (single items or groups of items that are being auctioned as one selling unit) listed at auction in the UK each year, we can clearly gauge the amount by which the secondary whisky market has been growing.
During the fiscal year 2016 there were 83,643 lots listed, a growth of approximately 49% on 2015 (55,837 lots listed), an extra 27,806 lots. 2017 saw slightly less growth on 2016 in terms of percentage at 34%, however, this still represented an increase in the number of additional lots listed, at 29,111, rounding out the year at a total of 112,752 lots.
2016 there were 83,643 lots listed, a growth of approximately 49% on 2015 (55,837 lots listed), an extra 27,806 lots. 2017 saw slightly less growth on 2016 in terms of percentage at 34%, however, this still represented an increase in the number of additional lots listed, at 29,111, rounding out the year at a total of 112,752 lots.
With an average bottle price of just under $403 (300) and with the assumption of just 70% of lots sold, we estimate that the secondary whisky market in the UK alone could have been worth $31.6 million (23.6 million) in 2017.
This figure is roughly in line with third-party analysts and consultants who also operate and within the industry.
One of the most expensive bottle to hit UK auctions in 2017 was a 50-year-old Yamazaki, which fetched 62,000 (about US$77,000). Almost twelve months later in January of 2018, a similar Yamazaki 50-year-old bottle was sold at auction in Hong Kong for HK$2.3 million (US$299,000) becoming the most expensive bottle of whisky to be sold at auction. An increase in value of 288% in less than twelve months.
2018 has already seen a slew of highest price record shattered, none more so than the sale of two 60-year-old Macallans from 1926, that both sold for over US$1 million at auction in Hong Kong in May 2018.
In addition, more players have entered the whisky auction market, making buying and selling more accessible to both investors and collectors. The competition is also driving down fees and costs involved in the auction process.
Distilleries, including Strathearn, even used the secondary market during 2017as a primary route-to-market for the sale of its first 100 bottles. Through Whisky Auctioneer, the distillery made between $393 (315) and $5,180 (4,150) for the sale of its three-year-old Scotch.
This trend has continued into 2018.
Geopolitical uncertainty continues to drive investor interest towards safe-haven assets such as Gold, Bonds and Cash it has also continued to increase interest in alternative assets such as Art and Whisky.
Looking at the value increase in the rare Scotch Whisky Secondary Market over the last 8 years and taking into account the most recent explosion in prices. It would be reasonable to assume that the public interest in rare whisky will continue to remain high for the years to come.
Notably, the global interest in rare whisky has continued to grow. Although the vast majority of bottles sold within the secondary market are sold in the UK the highest value bottles are being sold in Asia. This gives us huge confidence in our future strategy of pivoting the release of our collection towards Asia as well as traditional markets such as the UK, USA and Europe.
Acquisition Strategy
Historical performance has shown whisky as a collectable to have had a strong increase in demand over the past decade, and Scotch whisky in particular to be the most sought after worldwide. With supplies of aged single malt Scotch whisky continuing to run low, the interest in collectable Scotch in the future is bound to remain strong and the increase in value is set to continue for many more years to come.
We believe that whisky has already proven itself to be a good investment opportunity, providing solid returns and for relatively low risk. However, we believe that in order to see a meaningful rate of return, those who would consider making an investment in rare whisky would need to be prepared to hold their whisky for a sufficient number of years so as to maximize its potential.
Over the years distilleries have been releasing less and less rare whisky onto the markets, drastically lowering the supply. Instead, they have been focusing on supplying the primary consumption market. Scotch exports have nearly doubled over the past 10 years, to $7 billion (4.3 billion). According to the Scotch Whisky Association, the US, the worlds leading importer, ships in nearly $1.32 billion (800 million) worth of the spirit each year; France, at just over $523 million (390 million), is the second largest. Data source: https://qz.com/165628/whos-drinking-the-worlds-scotch-whisky/
Rare releases are now strategically used by distilleries as a means to promote brand awareness of their name and their primary consumption orientated products. With more whisky being released to the consumer market and less being aged for rare releases, the prices and interest in old rarer bottles are rising at a rapid rate.
From day one the cornerstone of our acquisition strategy has been to acquire bottles for as close to their current market value or below. With some exceptions, bottles will be acquired for what we would consider to be, above current market value. This would only be for bottles that we project would rapidly increase in value and therefore become profitable in not just the short-term but also in the long-term and at a greater upper value.
Auctioneers fees, initially considered as a necessary evil or a cost of doing business, is an area of concern because of the level of service supplied for the fees paid. This has led us to the conclusion that for the betterment of the collection, our investors and the company, we should look to establish our own online whisky auction within the UK, so as to minimize the amount we have to pay in fees and to maximize the amount of money we have to spend on the assets themselves.
nitially considered as a necessary evil or a cost of doing business, is an area of concern because of the level of service supplied for the fees paid. This has led us to the conclusion that for the betterment of the collection, our investors and the company, we should look to establish our own online whisky auction within the UK, so as to minimize the amount we have to pay in fees and to maximize the amount of money we have to spend on the assets themselves.
Not only will this provide savings in the long run but it will also provide us with an additional income from fees and commissions we will be able to charge to other users of our auction.
Plans are currently underway to find staff and premises along with the development of our own purpose-built auction website. We aim to launch our auction in the autumn of 2018.
Investments in rare whisky form part of a very niche market, once we have achieved the growth of a substantial rare whisky collection, it will enter a maturation phase for a number of years before being sold off. During this time we intend to move into other asset classes, not just to keep the interest of our investors but also to potentially generate new ones.
We believe that this will be sustainable as a business model and enable us, like other investment firms to offer diversity within our portfolio offering whisky, watches, art, memorabilia, stamps, comics and cars eventually.
Presence in the Market
Presently, Fah Mai Thailand has amassed a significant portfolio of rare whisky assets that it believes will appreciate in value. Fah Mai Thailand believes that it will become one of a very small number of public reporting companies operating in this specific market.
Competition
Fah Mai Thailand specializes in acquiring rare whisky that Fah Mai Thailand believes will significantly appreciate in value over time and can serve as the foundation of a resale business. Since Fah Mai Thailands acquisition portfolio is highly specialized and our competition remains relatively small in numbers, we believe that we will have a favorable competitive position in the market as the only US based public company supplier of its distinctly specialized services.
Suppliers
Fah Mai Thailand obtains its assets from auction houses, such as Scotch Whisky Auctions, Ltd., distilleries and specialty online retailers, such as Cask88.com, WhiskyAuctioneer.com and Dekanta.com.
Fah Mai Thailand also engages London City Bond Ltd. to perform services related to warehousing of its assets.
Other than as provided in the foregoing, currently, Fah Mai Thailand has no other principal suppliers or strategic partners.
Customers
Fah Mai Thailand plans on targeting re-sales of the assets in its portfolio to high net worth individuals, specialty retailers and other consumers of high-end rare whisky.
Employees
Fah Mai Thailand has 8 employees.
Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulation
Not applicable.
Costs and Effects of Compliance with Environmental Laws
Not applicable.
Legal Matters
There are no pending, threatened or actual legal proceedings in which Fah Mai Thailand is a party.
THE COMPANY
Fah Mai Holdings,Inc. (The Company) was originally named Finch Street Acquisition Corporation (Finch Street) and incorporated on July 22, 2016 as a shell corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions.
In August 2016, the Company, as Finch Street, filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-12g pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and became a public reporting company.
On February 27, 2017, the Company effected a change in control. As part of that change in control, the then officers and directors of the Company resigned, and the Company redeemed 19,500,000 shares of the then 20,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Louis Haseman was appointed as an officer and director of the Company and the Company issued 40,000,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Haseman. In addition, the Company changed its name to Fah Mai Holdings, Inc.
On June 8, 2018, Fah Mai Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company or Fah Mai Delaware), entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement) with Fah Mai Holdings Co., Ltd., a private company organized under the laws of the Thailand (Fah Mai Thailand). Under the Merger Agreement, the Company issued to the shareholders of Fah Mai Thailand 400,000 shares of its common stock, valued at $0.0001 per share, in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding equity securities of Fah Mai Thailand (the Merger). Mr. Louis Haseman, who is an officer, director and shareholder of the Company, was an officer and equity holder of Fah Mai Thailand prior to the Merger. As a result of the Merger, Fah Mai Thailand has merged into the Company and ceased to exist. As such the Company has taken over the operations and business plan of Fah Mai Thailand.
The Companys corporate offices are located at 1000/196, 199 Liberty Building, 3rd Floor, Sukhumvit 55 Road, Klongton Nua, Wattana, Bangkok 10110. The Companys telephone number is +66 807 0617.
As a public reporting company pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act, the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission quarterly and annual reports and management shareholding information. The Company intends to deliver a copy of its annual report to its security holders, and will voluntarily send a copy of the annual report, including audited financial statements, to any registered shareholder who requests the same.
The Companys documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission may be inspected at the Commissions principal office in Washington, D.C. Copies of all or any part of the registration statement may be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference rooms. The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Commission.
Emerging Growth Company
The Company qualifies as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act which became law in April 2012. The definition of an emerging growth company is a company with an initial public offering of common equity securities which occurred after December 8, 2011 and has less than $1 billion of total annual gross revenues during last completed fiscal year. The disclosure regarding the company and The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act is incorporated herein by reference from the Form 10-12G originally filed on August 9, 2016, as amended.
MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Overview
References to the financial condition and performance below in this section Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are to Fah Mai Thailand, which was merged into the Company as a result of the Merger.
As of March 31, 2018, Fah Mai Thailand had stockholders deficit of $337,915, and a cash balance of $7,461. During the year ended December 31, 2017, Fah Mai Thailand incurred a net loss of $254,787 and had stockholders deficit of $255,468.
Fah Mai Thailand anticipates that it would need approximately $281,000 over the next 12 months to continue as a going concern and expand its operations in accordance with its current business plan. Fah Mai Thailands management and several shareholders plan to continue to fund Fah Mai Thailands operations during the next 12 months or until Fah Mai Thailand can generate an ongoing source of capital sufficient to independently continue its operations.
anticipates that it would need approximately $281,000 over the next 12 months to continue as a going concern and expand its operations in accordance with its current business plan. Fah Mai Thailands management and several shareholders plan to continue to fund Fah Mai Thailands operations during the next 12 months or until Fah Mai Thailand can generate an ongoing source of capital sufficient to independently continue its operations.
As of March 31, 2018, Fah Mai Thailand had an accumulated deficit of $336,587. These matters raise substantial doubt about Fah Mai Thailands ability to continue as a going concern. Fah Mai Thailands continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations, which it has not been able to accomplish to date, and /or obtain additional financing from its stockholders and/or other third parties.
Fah Mai Thailands independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt as to the ability of Fah Mai Thailand to continue as a going concern. Unless Fah Mai Thailand is able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations and/or obtain additional financing, there is a substantial doubt as to the ability of Fah Mai Thailand to continue as a going concern.
s independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt as to the ability of Fah Mai Thailand to continue as a going concern. Unless Fah Mai Thailand is able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations and/or obtain additional financing, there is a substantial doubt as to the ability of Fah Mai Thailand to continue as a going concern.
Revenues and Losses
During the three months ended March 31, 2018, Fah Mai Thailand posted net revenues of $0, total operating expenses of $82,700, consisting of general and administrative expenses of $82,700, and a net loss of $81,800.
During the year ended December 31, 2017, Fah Mai Thailand posted net revenues of $0, total operating expenses of $255,217, consisting of general and administrative expenses of $255,217, and a net loss of $254,787.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
As of March 31, 2018, Fah Mai Thailand had cash available of $7,461.
There is no assurance that Fah Mai Thailands activities will generate sufficient revenues to sustain its operations without additional capital, or if additional capital is needed, that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to Fah Mai Thailand. Accordingly, given Fah Mai Thailands limited cash and cash equivalents on hand, Fah Mai Thailand will be unable to implement its business plans and proposed operations unless it obtains additional financing or otherwise is able to generate revenues and profits. Fah Mai Thailand may raise additional capital through sales of debt or equity, obtain loan financing or develop and consummate other alternative financial plans.
Discussion of Three Months ended March 31, 2018
As of March 31, 2018, Fah Mai Thailand has not generated any revenues because Fah Mai Thailand is still in the early stages of its development and has yet to fully implement its plans for commercialization.
During the three months ended March 31, 2018, Fah Mai Thailand posted a net loss of $81,800 as a result of operating expenses related to the development of Fah Mai Thailands business.
As of March 31, 2018, Fah Mai Thailand has not generated any profits because Fah Mai Thailand is still in the early stages of its development and has yet to fully implement its plans for commercialization.
Operating expenses were $82,700 for the three months ended March 31, 2018, consisting of general and administrative expenses of $82,700.
During the three months ended March 31, 2018, Fah Mai Thailand used cash in operating activities of $90,233. During such period, Fah Mai Thailand also received cash from financing activities in the amount of $71,728.
As of March 31, 2018, Fah Mai Thailand had $7,461 in cash.
There is no comparison to the three months ended March 31, 2017 because Fah Mai Thailand was formed in May 2017.
Discussion of Year ended December 31, 2017
As of December 31, 2017, Fah Mai Thailand has not generated any revenues because Fah Mai Thailand is still in the early stages of its development and has yet to fully implement its plans for commercialization.
During the year ended December 31, 2017, Fah Mai Thailand posted a net loss of $254,787 as a result of operating expenses related to the development of Fah Mai Thailands business.
As of December 31, 2017, Fah Mai Thailand has not generated any profits because Fah Mai Thailand is still in the early stages of its development and has yet to fully implement its plans for commercialization.
Operating expenses were $255,217 for the year ended December 31, 2017, consisting of general and administrative expenses of $255,217.
During the year ended December 31, 2017, Fah Mai Thailand used cash in operating activities of $378,933. During such period, Fah Mai Thailand also received cash from financing activities in the amount of $403,025.
As of December 31, 2017, Fah Mai Thailand had $25,012 in cash.
There is no comparison to the year ended December 31, 2016 because Fah Mai Thailand was formed in May 2017.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements.
Equipment Financing
The Company has no existing equipment financing arrangements.
Potential Revenue
The Company intends to earn revenue from executing its business plan. Specifically, the Company plans to generate revenues from resales of its alternative assets holdings, through operations of member only clubs and through online whisky auctions.
We see the opportunity for additional income through the creation of both our independent bottling company and our online whisky auction. The creation of these two additional entities is primarily to benefit the rare whisky collection.
Our bottling label Platinum Cask LTD, has been created to act as the primary channel by which we will sell the assets held in the rare whisky collection at such a time as we see fit. The creation of the Platinum Cask brand at such an early stage in the collections lifespan is purely to build brand awareness and confidence. Therefore, increasing the potential profitability of the rare whisky assets in years to come.
In order to build awareness of the Platinum Cask brand, we intend to bottle and sell our own whisky which will be sourced and selected from our own cask collection that forms a small part of the greater rare whisky collection. This process of collecting, trading and bottling of our own casks will generate an additional income for FMH via Platinum Cask LTD.
The creation of our own Online Whisky Auction will also directly benefit the rare whisky collection, whilst also offering an opportunity to generate additional income. By creating our own whisky auction, the collection will directly benefit by avoiding the cost of auctioneers fees that we currently pay to third-party auction companies. The money we spend on fees that currently run between 10 to 15% before tax, can be partly re-channeled into the promotion and operation of the auction company itself. This would grow the number customers using the service, increasing the number of bottles that we would have access to at a zero-fee rate and also providing extra income through fee we would be able to charge our customers for using our service.
We do not anticipate needing to spend as much on the operation of our own whisky auction as we currently do on fees when acquiring bottles from third parties. This would enable us to direct more money to the collection itself.
Alternative Financial Planning
The Company has no alternative financial plans at the moment. If the Company is not able to successfully raise monies as needed through a private placement or other securities offering (including, but not limited to, a primary public offering of securities), the Companys ability to survive as a going concern and implement any part of its business plan or strategy will be severely jeopardized. If the Company is unable to raise funds through equity sales or otherwise, the Company may also consider selling some of its holdings in the future to finance other operations.
The Company does not anticipate that it will generate revenue sufficient to cover its planned operating expenses, and the Company must obtain additional financing in order to develop and implement its business plan and proposed operations. If the Company is not successful in generating sufficient revenues and/or obtaining additional funding to develop its business plan and proposed operations, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations liquidity and financial condition.
The Company does not anticipate that it will generate revenue sufficient to cover its planned operating expenses, and the Company must obtain additional financial in order to develop and implement its business plan and proposed operations. If the Company is not successful in generating sufficient revenues and/or obtaining additional funding to develop its business plan and proposed operations, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations liquidity and financial condition.
Critical Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
The summary of significant accounting policies presented below is designed to assist in understanding the Companys financial statements. Such financial statements and accompanying notes are the representations of the Companys management, who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) in all material respects, and have been consistently applied in preparing the accompanying financial statements. The Company has not earned any revenue from operations since inception. The Company chose December 31st as its fiscal year end.
The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted in accordance with such rules and regulations. The information furnished in the interim financial statements includes normal recurring adjustments and reflects all adjustments, which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of such financial statements. Although management believes the disclosures and information presented are adequate to make the information not misleading, it is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in conjunction with the Companys audited financial statements and notes thereto included in its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2018 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2018.
Basis of Valuing Whisky Inventory
The Company purchases rare Scotch whisky for collection and possible marketing and re-sale. The inventory is recorded at the lower of cost (purchase price including fees) or market.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents. There were no cash equivalents as of March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017.
Inventory
The Company records inventory at the lower of cost (purchase price plus fees) or market.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized from sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the price is determinable, the product has been delivered, the title has been transferred to the customer and collection of the sales price is reasonably assured.
Concentration of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash. The Company places its cash with high quality banking institutions.
Foreign Currency Translation
The Company has functional currencies in the Thailand Baht and its reporting currency is the United States Dollar (USD). Management has adopted ASC 830-20, Foreign Currency Matters  Foreign Currency Transactions All assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date. For revenues and expenses, the weighted average exchange rate for the period is used. Gains and losses arising on translation of foreign currency denominated transactions are included in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). Unless otherwise indicated, all currencies throughout this document are presented in USD.
Other Comprehensive Loss
ASC 220, Other Comprehensive Loss, establishes standards for the reporting and display of other comprehensive loss and its components in the consolidated financial statements. At March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively, the Company had $1,328 and $681 of accumulated other comprehensive loss, relating to foreign currency translation.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
In accordance with ASC 820, the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents and accounts payable approximates fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:
Level 1- Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date.
Level 2- Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.
Level 3- Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entitys own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information.
The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair market value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments.
Net Loss per Share
The computation of earnings per share of common stock is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding at the date of the financial statements. The net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common outstanding. As of March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively, there are no potentially dilutive common stock equivalents.
MANAGEMENT
Officers and Directors
Louis Haseman serves as the sole officer and director of the Company. Mr. Haseman also serves as the sole officer and director of Fah Mai Thailand.
Louis Joseph Haseman, age 33, serves as President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and sole director of the Company. From 2010 to the present, Mr. Haseman has been the director and owner of HGT Co., Ltd. with two operating brands: Exotic Golf Holidays which specializes in golf holidays located around the Indian Ocean and Quality Health Travel which specializes in medical tourism including plastic surgery, hip replacements and stem cell treatment. From 2011 to the present, Mr. Haseman has served as the owner of Sunscreen Island Co., Ltd. which is the exclusive importer and distributor of the Island Tribe sunscreen brand in Thailand and the Philippines. Since 2012 to the present, Mr. Haseman has also been part owner of Epikurean Resorts, a luxury hotel and resorts management and development company. From 2015 to 2016, Mr. Haseman was the owner of Euro Facade Tech Thailand Co., Ltd., a global containment wall and design company.
Director Compensation
Directors do not receive any compensation for serving on the Board of Directors.
Committees and Terms
The Board of Directors has not established any committees. The Company will notify its shareholders for an annual shareholder meeting and that they may present proposals for inclusion in the Companys proxy statement to be mailed in connection with any such annual meeting; such proposals must be received by the Company at least 90 days prior to the meeting. No other specific policy has been adopted in regard to the inclusion of shareholder nominations to the Board of Directors.
Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents
The Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws of the Company provide that the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as amended from time to time, indemnify all directors of the Company, as well as any officers or employees of the Company to whom the Company has agreed to grant indemnification.
Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law empowers a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers and to purchase insurance with respect to liability arising out of their capacity or status as directors and officers provided that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (I) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) arising under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
The Delaware General Corporation Law provides further that the indemnification permitted thereunder shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the directors and officers may be entitled under the corporations by-laws, any agreement, vote of shareholders or otherwise.
The effect of the foregoing is to require the Company to indemnify the officers and directors of the Company for any claim arising against such persons in their official capacities if such person acted in good faith and in a manner that he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.
INSOFAR AS INDEMNIFICATION FOR LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, MAY BE PERMITTED TO DIRECTORS, OFFICERS OR PERSONS CONTROLLING THE COMPANY PURSUANT TO THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS, IT IS THE OPINION OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION THAT SUCH INDEMNIFICATION IS AGAINST PUBLIC POLICY AS EXPRESSED IN THE ACT AND IS THEREFORE UNENFORCEABLE.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Summary Compensation
Louis Haseman is currently the only officer and director of the Company. Mr. Haseman has also served as the only officer and director of Fah Mai Thailand. Mr. Haseman received no compensation from either company for his services as an officer or director.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth information with respect to ownership of issued and outstanding stock of the Company as of the date hereof by each executive officer and director of the Company and any person or group known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of the Companys voting securities:
Shares Owned Percentage Of Class (1) Louis Haseman (2) 40,180,000 92% President, and Director
Shares Owned
Percentage Of Class (1)
Louis Haseman (2) 40,180,000 92%
40,180,000
92
%
President, and Director
(1) Based on 43,419,532 shares outstanding. (2) Consists of 40,000,000 common stock shares initially owned in the Company as a result of the change in control and 180,000 common stock shares received pursuant to the Merger.
Based on 43,419,532 shares outstanding.
(2) Consists of 40,000,000 common stock shares initially owned in the Company as a result of the change in control and 180,000 common stock shares received pursuant to the Merger.
Consists of 40,000,000 common stock shares initially owned in the Company as a result of the change in control and 180,000 common stock shares received pursuant to the Merger.
MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Dividends
The Company has not paid any dividends to date. The Company has not made any determination about if and when it will pay dividends on its common stock.
Preferred Stock
The Company has 20,000,000 authorized undesignated shares of preferred stock. No preferred stock has been designated nor issued.
Market Price
There is no public market for the Companys common stock and there is no market price for the Companys common stock.
Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities
The Companys Certificate of Incorporation include an indemnification provision that provides that the Company shall indemnify directors against monetary damages to the Company or any of its shareholders by reason of a breach of the directors fiduciary except (i) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct of (iii) for unlawful payment of dividend or unlawful stock purchase or redemption or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
The Bylaws of the Company provide that the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as amended from time to time, indemnify all directors of the Company, as well as any officers or employees of the Company to whom the Company has agreed to grant indemnification. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DCL) empowers a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers and to purchase insurance with respect to liability arising out of their capacity or status as directors and officers provided that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) arising under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The Delaware General Corporation Law provides further that the indemnification permitted thereunder shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the directors and officers may be entitled under the corporations by-laws, any agreement, vote of shareholders or otherwise.
The effect of the foregoing is to require the Company to indemnify the officers and directors of the Company for any claim arising against such persons in their official capacities if such person acted in good faith and in a manner that he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.
The Certificate of Incorporation does not specifically indemnify the officers or directors or controlling persons against liability under the Securities Act.
The Securities and Exchange Commissions position on indemnification of officers, directors and control persons under the Securities Act by the Company is as follows:
INSOFAR AS INDEMNIFICATION FOR LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 MAY BE PERMITTED TO DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND CONTROLLING PERSONS OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURSUANT TO THE RULES OF THE COMMISSION, OR OTHERWISE, THE SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER HAS BEEN ADVISED THAT IN THE OPINION OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION SUCH INDEMNIFICATION IS AGAINST PUBLIC POLICY AS EXPRESSED IN THE ACT AND IS, THEREFORE, UNENFORCEABLE.
