Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement and Related Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On April 30, 2018, Five Oaks Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation (the Company), announced that it acquired one hundred percent (100%) of the equity interests of Hunt CMT Equity, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Hunt CMT) from Hunt Mortgage Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (HMG) for an aggregate purchase price of $68.7 million (the Transaction).
Hunt CMT
HMG
Transaction
Assets of Hunt CMT include junior retained notes and preferred shares of a commercial real estate collateralized loan obligation (CLO), a licensed commercial mortgage lender and eight (8) loan participations. The assets of the CLO consist of transitional floating rate commercial mortgage loans with a portfolio balance of $346.3 million as of March 31, 2018, collateralized by a diverse mix of property types, including multifamily, retail, office, mixed-use, industrial and student housing. As part of the Transaction, the Company also acquired an entity (CLO Seller), which holds $6.9 million of loan participations on eight loans held by the CLO.
CLO Seller
The Transaction is part of the Companys previously announced reallocation of capital into new investment opportunities in the commercial real estate mortgage space and the Company believes that it is a significant positive step in transitioning its strategy to include transitional commercial mortgage loans which are expected to be positive to stockholder returns while lowering overall leverage. The Transaction also provides the Company with commercial licenses necessary to operate as a direct lender and earn origination fees. The Company funded the Transaction through sales of residential mortgage backed securities and available cash.
The Transaction was effected pursuant to that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2018, by and between HMG, and the Company (the Purchase Agreement). HMG is an affiliate of the Companys external manager, Hunt Investment Management, LLC. Accordingly, the Transaction has been unanimously approved by the Company's Audit Committee, consisting entirely of independent directors of the board of directors of the Company. In addition, the Company obtained independent third-party valuation support for the Transaction.
As part of the Transaction, the Company has committed to indemnify and reimburse HMG for all of its future indemnification and guaranty obligations relating to mortgage assets originated by HMG and its affiliates in connection with the (i) funding commitments of CLO Seller under various participation agreements and (ii) sale of mortgage assets by CLO Seller to an affiliated entity.
The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties and indemnification provisions. The representations and warranties were made by the parties thereto and solely for their benefit. Accordingly, shareholders should not rely on such representations and warranties. The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the agreement, which the Company intends to file as an exhibit to its quarterly report on Form 10-Q.
