Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Completion of the Acquisition of Birch Communications
On May 4, 2018 (the Closing Date), Fusion completed the various transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 26, 2017, as amended (the Birch Merger Agreement), by and among Fusion, Fusion BCHI Acquisition LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fusion (BCHI Merger Sub), and Birch Communications Holdings, Inc. (Birch). As contemplated by the Birch Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, Birch merged with and into BCHI Merger Sub (the Birch Merger), with BCHI Merger Sub surviving the Birch Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fusion. The Birch Merger and other transactions contemplated by the Birch Merger Agreement were approved by the stockholders of Fusion at its annual meeting of stockholders held on February 21, 2018 (the Annual Meeting).
On the Closing Date, all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Birch (other than treasury shares or shares owned of record by any Birch subsidiary) were cancelled and converted into the right to receive, in the aggregate, 49,896,310 shares (the Merger Shares) of Fusion Common Stock. Pursuant to subscription agreements executed by each of the shareholders of Birch, the Merger Shares were issued in the name of, and are now held by, BCHI Holdings, LLC (BCHI Holdings), a Georgia limited liability company owned by the former shareholders of Birch. In accordance with the Birch Merger Agreement, the Merger Shares represent three times (3x) the number of shares of Fusion Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date, including the number of shares of Fusion Common Stock issuable to holders of preferred stock of Fusion converted on the Closing Date (as described below) and in-the-money warrants to purchase shares of Fusion Common Stock, but excluding (a) shares of Fusion Common Stock issued in connection with Fusions January 2018 acquisition of assets of IQmax, Inc., (b) shares of Fusion Common Stock issued on February 5, 2018 in connection with Fusions public offering of shares of Fusion Common Stock, and (c) shares of Fusion Common Stock issued on the Closing Date pursuant to the Common Stock Purchase Agreements (as described in Item 3.02 below). As of the Closing Date, BCHI Holdings held approximately 65.2% of the issued and outstanding shares of Fusion Common Stock.
All share and per share amounts included in this Current Report on Form 8-K give effect to a 1-for-1.5 Reverse Split (as defined below) that became effective on May 4, 2018 immediately prior to the closing of the Birch Merger.
As required by the terms of the Birch Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date all of the issued and outstanding shares of Fusions preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock), including its Series A-1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, and Series B-2 Senior Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, that holders thereof elected to convert were converted into an aggregate of 1,288,974 shares of Fusion Common Stock. Any accrued but unpaid dividends with respect to such Preferred Stock were included in the calculation of the number of shares of Fusion Common Stock delivered to each holder of Preferred Stock on the Closing Date. Any shares of Preferred Stock that were not submitted for conversion by the applicable holder prior to the Closing Date automatically terminated and were cancelled without consideration in accordance with their terms.
Registration Rights Agreement
On the Closing Date, BCHI Holdings and Fusion entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) governing the registration rights of BCHI Holdings in respect of the Merger Shares, pursuant to which Fusion agreed, among other things, to use its reasonable best efforts to cause a shelf registration statement (the Birch Registration Statement) covering the resale of up to 25% of the Merger Shares to be declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) within 120 days of the Closing Date. Under the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (as defined below), Fusion agreed to file the Birch Registration Statement with the SEC within five (5) business days after the Closing Date if certain specified conditions were met.
Fusion has agreed to maintain the effectiveness of the Birch Registration Statement until the earlier of (a) the sale of all of the covered Merger Shares, or (b) the fifth anniversary of the effective date of Birch Registration Statement (the Effectiveness End Date). BCHI Holdings may, subject to certain limitations, require that distribution of the covered Merger Shares covered by Birch Registration Statement be made in an underwritten offering of the covered Merger Shares; provided that gross proceeds of any such offering are expected to be at least $10,000,000, and subject to customary cutbacks and lock-ups.
3
3
Under the Registration Rights Agreement, BCHI Holdings has also been provided with certain customary demand and piggyback registration rights with respect to the Merger Shares. In addition, from the Effectiveness End Date, BCHI Holdings may, subject to certain limitations, require that distribution of the Merger Shares pursuant to a demand registration right be made in an underwritten offering, provided that gross proceeds of such offering are expected to be at least $20,000,000, and subject to customary cutbacks and lock-ups.
The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such document, which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and which is incorporated by reference herein.
Exhibit 10.2
and which is incorporated by reference herein.
Stockholders Agreement
On the Closing Date, Fusion also entered into a Stockholders Agreement (the Stockholders Agreement) with BCHI Holdings and the pre-closing members of the Fusion Board of Directors (the Fusion Committee). Under the Stockholders Agreement, the parties agreed that immediately after the closing of the Birch Merger, the new Fusion Board of Directors (the Fusion Board) would initially be set at seven (7) members, of which (a) three (3) persons (at least one (1) of whom must be an independent director within the meaning of the Nasdaq listing standards (the Nasdaq Listing Standards)) would be designated for appointment to the Fusion Board by BCHI Holdings (the Birch Designees); (b) three (3) persons (at least one (1) of whom must be an independent director within the meaning of the Nasdaq Listing Standards) (the Fusion Designees) would be designated for appointment to the Fusion Board by the members of the pre-closing Fusion Board or, subsequently, the Fusion Designees (the Fusion Committee); and (c) one (1) person (who must also be an independent director within the meaning of the Nasdaq Listing Standards) would be designated by BCHI Holdings with the prior written approval (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) of the Fusion Committee (the Independent Designee).
The Fusion Designees are Matthew D. Rosen, Marvin S. Rosen and Michael J. Del Giudice; the Birch Designees are Holcombe T. Green, Jr., Holcombe Green, III and Lewis W. Dickey, Jr.; and the Independent Designee is Rafe de la Gueronniere.
The Stockholders Agreement requires each party to vote its respective shares of Fusion Common Stock in favor of electing to the Fusion Board individuals nominated in accordance with the foregoing provisions. The rights of the Fusion Committee and BCHI Holdings to nominate directors to the Fusion Board continue (i) as to the Fusion Committee, until such time as Marvin S. Rosen and Matthew D. Rosen collectively beneficially own less than one and one-half percent (1.5%) of the then issued and outstanding shares of Fusion Common Stock, and (ii) as to BCHI Holdings, until such time as it and its affiliates collectively beneficially own less than twenty percent (20%) of the number of shares of Fusion Common Stock owned by them as of the Closing Date.
The foregoing description of the Stockholders Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such document, which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.3 and which is incorporated by reference herein.
Exhibit 10.3
and which is incorporated by reference herein.
Lingo Spin-Off
As contemplated by the terms of the Birch Merger Agreement, immediately prior to the closing of the Birch Merger, Birch distributed to its shareholders all of the shares of its subsidiary, Lingo Management, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company (Lingo), and certain other subsidiaries of Birch that provided services to Birchs U.S.-based consumer customers, wireless customers and its small business customer-base (which include those business customers with $111 per month or less of monthly revenue for purposes of the spin-off) and assets associated with the support of those customers. In connection with that spin-off, Fusion entered into a transition services agreement with Lingo (the Transition Services Agreement) on the Closing Date, pursuant to which each party agreed to provide the other party with specified services. The types of services covered by the Transition Services Agreement include, but are not limited to, network operations center support services, customer care support services, IT support services, product and marketing support, human resources and legal support, and finance, tax and accounting support. The term and pricing of each service covered by the Transition Services Agreement varies.
In connection with the spin-off of Lingo, Fusion and Lingo also entered into a Non-Solicitation and Right of First Refusal Agreement (the Non-Solicitation Agreement) on the Closing Date, under which each of Lingo and Fusion agreed that it would not solicit (a) the employees, officers, directors, or consultants of the other party for a period of three years from the Closing Date, or (b) the customers of the other party, until two years after the end of the period during which Lingo and Fusion share certain customer records under the terms of the Transition Services Agreement, but in no event ending later than three years after the Closing Date. In addition, Lingo agreed to grant Fusion a right of first refusal for a period of three years from the Closing Date, to acquire any third party provider of communications services or cloud services to business services, such that Lingo must first offer Fusion the right to make such a proposed acquisition, on the same economic terms as Lingo, before Lingo can effect such a transaction.
4
4
The foregoing descriptions of the Transition Services Agreement and Non-Solicitation Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of such documents, which are filed hereto as Exhibit 10.4 and Exhibit 10.5, respectively, and which are incorporated by reference herein.
Exhibit 10.4
and
Exhibit 10.5
, respectively, and which are incorporated by reference herein.
Carrier Spin-Off
On the Closing Date, Fusion entered into a Membership Interest Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Membership Sale Agreement) with XComIP, LLC (XCOM) pursuant to which Fusion transferred its sixty percent (60%) membership interest in Fusion Global Services, LLC (Fusion Global) to XCOM in exchange for a right to receive: (i) sixty percent (60%) of the Net Profits (as defined in the Membership Sale Agreement) of Fusion Global; (ii) sixty percent (60%) of any distributions being made by Fusion Global to its members only to the extent such amounts are not distributed as part of the distribution of Net Profits; and (iii) sixty percent (60%) of the net proceeds received by the members from a sale of Fusion Global to a third party. The Membership Sale Agreement contains customary representations and warranties for an agreement of this type and also includes various covenants by Fusion Global to deliver to Fusion specified information during the course of each year. In addition, the Membership Sale Agreement contains a list of specified actions that may not be taken by Fusion Global and its manager without the prior approval of Fusion. Further, the Membership Sale Agreement contains a right of first refusal under which Fusion has the right to purchase all of the membership interests in Fusion Global in the event of a proposed sale to a bona fide third party and also contains an additional revenue share obligation should Fusion Global expand the scope of its current business and use the assets and personnel (other than the manager) in support of that business. In connection with the execution of the Membership Sale Agreement, Fusion and XCOM also entered into a non-solicitation agreement.
The foregoing description of the Membership Sale Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such document, which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.6 and which is incorporated by reference herein.
Exhibit 10.6
and which is incorporated by reference herein.
Indemnity Agreements
On the Closing Date, BCHI Holdings and Fusion entered into an amended and restated indemnification letter agreement (the Amended Indemnity Letter), which amended the indemnity letter delivered by BCHI Holdings to Fusion on August 26, 2017 in connection with the execution of the Birch Merger Agreement (the Original Indemnity Letter). The Amended Indemnity Letter has substantially the same terms as the Original Indemnity Letter, except that it adds additional enumerated matters for which BCHI Holdings has agreed to indemnify Fusion. The indemnity cap and the terms of indemnification in the Amended Indemnity Letter are the same as those contained in the Original Indemnity Letter.
On the Closing Date, BCHI Holdings and Fusion also entered into a separate indemnification letter agreement (the Tax Indemnity Letter) whereby BCHI Holdings agreed to indemnify and hold harmless Birch Communications, LLC (BCLLC), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fusion, and each of the other subsidiaries of BCLLC, from and against any and all liabilities for unpaid state income or franchise taxes, late fees and penalties and interest owed for 2017 and prior years and paid by BCLLC after the closing of the Birch Merger. However, Fusion agreed that BCHI Merger Sub (as successor-in-interest to Birch as a result of the Birch Merger) would pay the first $1,000,000 of any actual tax liabilities (but not late fees, penalties, or interest associated therewith). Amounts owed under the Tax Indemnity Letter may be paid by BCHI Holdings in Fusion Common Stock at a price per share equal to the greater of (a) $3.00 and (b) the five-day weighted-average price.
The foregoing descriptions of the Amended Indemnity Letter and Tax Indemnity Letter are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such documents, which are filed hereto as Exhibit 10.7 and Exhibit 10.8, respectively, and which are incorporated by reference herein.
Exhibit 10.7
and
Exhibit 10.8
, respectively, and which are incorporated by reference herein.
Fusion Press Release
On May 7, 2018, Fusion issued a press release announcing the closing of the Birch Merger and certain other items described below in Items 2.03, 5.01, and 5.03, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 99.2 hereto.
Exhibit 99.2
hereto.
5
5
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
