Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) by General Dynamics Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company) on February 12, 2018, the Company is party to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 9, 2018 (as amended, the Merger Agreement), with CSRA Inc., a Nevada corporation (CSRA), and Red Hawk Enterprises Corp., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on March 5, 2018, Merger Sub commenced a tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of CSRAs common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares), for $40.75 per Share, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the offer to purchase, dated March 5, 2018 (as amended or supplemented, the Offer to Purchase), and the related letter of transmittal (together with the Offer to Purchase, the Offer). Pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to the Merger Agreement, on March 20, 2018, the price offered by Merger Sub in the Offer was increased to $41.25 per Share, in cash without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes (the Offer Price).
SEC
Company
Merger Agreement
CSRA
Merger Sub
Shares
Offer to Purchase
Offer Price
The Offer expired at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on Monday, April 2, 2018 (the Expiration Date) and was not extended. Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the depositary for the Offer (the Depositary), informed the Company that, as of the Expiration Date, a total of 116,282,921 Shares (including 8,315,782 Shares subject to guaranteed delivery procedures as described in the Offer to Purchase) were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn, representing approximately 68.692% of the Shares then outstanding on a fully diluted basis (as determined pursuant to the Merger Agreement). On April 3, 2018, Merger Sub accepted for payment (such time of acceptance for payment, the Acceptance Time) and, on April 3, 2018, paid for, all such Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer on or prior to the Expiration Date.
Depositary
Acceptance Time
On April 3, 2018, Merger Sub exercised its option (the Top-Up Option) to purchase, at a price equal to $41.25 per Share, an aggregate number of additional Shares that, when added to the number of Shares owned by the Company and Merger Sub immediately prior to the exercise of the Top-Up Option (which for purposes of this calculation did not include Shares that had been tendered subject to guaranteed delivery procedures), resulted in Merger Sub owning one Share more than 90% of the outstanding Shares determined on a fully diluted basis. Later on April 3, 2018, the Company and Merger Sub then effected a short-form merger under Nevada law pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into CSRA, with CSRA surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger).
Top-Up Option
Merger
The aggregate amount of consideration paid in connection with the exercise of the Top-Up Option was approximately $18.3 billion, consisting of approximately $0.4 million in cash plus the delivery of a promissory note by Merger Sub to CSRA with a one-year maturity, bearing a principal amount equal to approximately $18.3 billion and accruing simple interest at the rate of six percent (6%) per annum. The obligations under this promissory note automatically ceased to exist and were of no further force and effect upon completion of the Merger. The aggregate amount of consideration paid by Merger Sub in connection with the acceptance of Shares in the Offer and the completion of the Merger, including to cash out the outstanding stock options and restricted stock units of CSRA and to fund amounts becoming due and payable under CSRAs outstanding indebtedness, was approximately $9.76 billion. Such amount was financed by a combination of available cash on hand, an advance of $7.5 billion drawn under the 364-Day Credit Facility described in the Offer to Purchase and $2.0 billion from the proceeds of the sale of short-term promissory notes under the Companys commercial paper program. In addition, approximately $450 million was paid to satisfy obligations under CSRAs Second Amended and Restated Master Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement (as amended).
one-year
364-Day
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Merger Agreement and Amendment No. 1 thereto, which are referenced as Exhibits 2.1 and 2.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.
2
