Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On June 14, 2018, the Company completed its acquisition of Layne pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 13, 2018 (the Merger Agreement), among the Company, Layne, and Lowercase Merger Sub Incorporated, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), whereby Merger Sub merged with and into Layne, with Layne surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger).
Merger Sub
At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of Layne common stock, par value $0.01 per share, that was issued and outstanding (other than shares (1) held in treasury of Layne or (2) directly or indirectly owned by the Company, Merger Sub or a wholly owned subsidiary of Layne) will be cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive 0.27 validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable shares of Company Common Stock.
non-assessable
No fractional shares of Company Common Stock will be issued to any Layne stockholder in the Merger. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, each Layne stockholder who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Company Common Stock in the Merger will receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares.
2
In addition, holders of outstanding Laynes stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units will receive an aggregate amount of cash equal to approximately $30,586,452.36 as consideration for the cancellation of the stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units held by them immediately prior to the Effective Time.
The Company and Layne will report the Merger as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. To review the tax consequences of the Merger, former Layne stockholders should refer to Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences beginning on page 131 of the prospectus filed with the SEC by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) on May 15, 2018. Former Layne stockholders are encouraged to consult their tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the Merger in their particular circumstances.
As a result of the Merger, shares of Layne common stock have ceased trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market as of the close of trading on June 14, 2018 and will be delisted.
The foregoing summary of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2018, which is incorporated in this Item 2.01 by reference.
