ITEM 2.01.COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.
On March 31, 2018, Hudson Global, Inc. (the "Company") completed the sales of its recruitment and talent management businesses in each of Belgium, Europe (excluding Belgium) and Asia Pacific ("APAC") in separate transactions (the "Sale Transactions"). The aggregate purchase price was $39.0 million and was paid in cash at the closing of the transaction, in each case subject to customary post-closing adjustments.
As previously disclosed, the Company entered into the following agreements, each dated as of December 17, 2017 and amended on January 25, 2018, relating to the sale of certain of the Companys subsidiaries:
Sale and Purchase Agreement (the "Belgium Agreement"), among the Company, its subsidiary Hudson Highland Group Holdings International, Inc., Value Plus NV, Ivan De Witte and De Witte Comm. V., pursuant to which the Company sold the Belgium business to Value Plus NV. Value Plus NV is led by the Companys former Belgium operations chief executive office Ivan De Witte and a management buyout team from his management group.
Share Purchase Agreement (the "Europe Agreement"), among the Company, its subsidiaries Hudson Global Resources AG Zug, Hudson Global Resources Jersey Limited, Hudson Europe B.V., and Morgan Philips Group S.A., pursuant to which the Company sold the Europe (excluding Belgium) business to Morgan Philips Group S.A.
Share Sale Agreement (the "APAC Agreement"), among the Company, its subsidiary Hudson Highland Group Holdings International, Inc., and Apache Group Holdings Pty Limited, in its own capacity and as trustee for the Apache Unit Trust, pursuant to which the Company sold the APAC business to Apache Group Holding Pty Limited. Apache Group Holdings Pty Limited is led by the Companys former Asia Pacific chief executive officer Mark Steyn and a management buyout team from his management group.
The Company received cash proceeds of approximately $24.8 million, $7.7 million, and $6.4 million under the Belgium Agreement, the Europe Agreement and the APAC Agreement, respectively, in each case subject to adjustment as described in the applicable Sale Agreement.
The foregoing descriptions of the Sale Transactions do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Belgium Agreement, the Europe Agreement and the APAC Agreement, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.
The unaudited pro forma financial information required by Item 9.01 is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
