Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On June 22, 2018, pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated May 8, 2018, by and among Parent, Merger Sub, Antibodies, Richard Krogsrud, solely as the representative of the stockholders of Antibodies (the Stockholders), and certain Stockholders signatory thereto, Merger Sub was merged with and into Antibodies with Antibodies continuing as the surviving corporation (the Merger). As a result of the Merger, Antibodies became a wholly-owned, direct subsidiary of Parent and a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of the Company. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each share of Antibodies common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time was converted automatically into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the Merger Consideration (as defined below) in cash, without interest and less any applicable withholding.
Stockholders
Merger
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger the aggregate merger consideration paid by the Company to consummate the Merger was $4,094,266 (the Merger Consideration), which amount is subject to certain post-closing adjustments as set forth in the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (a) $500,000 of the Merger Consideration was placed into an escrow account to secure general indemnification claims against the Stockholders, including, without limitation, (i) misrepresentations and breaches of warranties made by Antibodies and the Stockholders, (ii) breaches or nonperformance of any of Antibodies' covenants or agreements, and (iii) certain covered taxes, and (b) $500,000 was placed into a representative expense account to pay for any amounts due or expenses incurred by the representative or the Stockholders pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The Merger Consideration paid by the Company was funded by (i) borrowings under an existing credit facility, (ii) cash on hand, (iii) proceeds from the issuance and sale of the Companys Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock, and (iv) the proceeds of the Senior Secured Term Loan.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on May 11, 2018.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on May 11, 2018.
Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
