ITEM 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS
Disposition of the Lofts at the Highlands
On February 25, 2014, KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT, Inc. (the Company), through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, purchased a 200-unit apartment complex (the Lofts at the Highlands) on approximately 2.8 acres of land located in St. Louis, Missouri.
On March 28, 2018, the Company completed the sale of the Lofts at the Highlands to Elite Street Capital Lofts Equity DE, LLC (the Lofts at the Highlands Buyer), a buyer unaffiliated with the Company or its advisor, for $44.4 million. In connection with the disposition of the Lofts at the Highlands, the Lofts at the Highlands Buyer assumed the mortgage loan secured by the Lofts at the Highlands (the Lofts at the Highlands Mortgage Loan) with an outstanding principal balance of $30.2 million at the time of the sale. The net cash to the Company from the disposition of the Lofts at the Highlands, based on the gross sales price of $44.4 million and reduced by the aggregate outstanding balance of the Lofts at the Highlands Mortgage Loan, and net of closing costs, the disposition fee and rental security deposits, was approximately $13.6 million.
Disposition of The Residence at Waterstone
On April 6, 2012, the Company, through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, purchased a 255-unit apartment complex (The Residence at Waterstone) on approximately 25.2 acres of land located in northwest Baltimore suburb of Pikesville, Maryland.
On March 29, 2018, the Company completed the sale of The Residence at Waterstone to Elite Street Capital Waterstone Equity DE, LLC (The Residence at Waterstone Buyer), a buyer unaffiliated with the Company or its advisor, for $60.1 million, excluding closing credits. In connection with the disposition of The Residence at Waterstone, The Residence at Waterstone Buyer assumed the mortgage loan secured by The Residence at Waterstone (The Residence at Waterstone Mortgage Loan) with an outstanding principal balance of $44.5 million at the time of the sale. The net cash to the Company from the disposition of The Residence at Waterstone, based on the gross sales price of $60.1 million and reduced by the aggregate outstanding balance of The Residence at Waterstone Mortgage Loan, and net of closing credits, closing costs, the disposition fee and rental security deposits, was approximately $13.0 million.
ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
