Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On April 2, 2018, Kearny Financial Corp. (Kearny) completed its previously announced acquisition of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (Clifton), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 1, 2017 (the Merger Agreement), by and between Kearny and Clifton. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Clifton merged with and into Kearny (the Merger), with Kearny being the surviving corporation of the Merger. Immediately following the Merger, Cliftons wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Clifton Savings Bank, a federally chartered savings bank, merged with and into Kearny Bank, a New Jersey-charted savings bank and wholly-owned subsidiary of Kearny, with Kearny Bank as the surviving bank.
Under the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each outstanding share of Clifton common stock was converted into the right to receive 1.191 shares of Kearny common stock. No fractional shares of Kearny common stock were issued in the Merger and any fractional share of Kearny common stock will be paid at the rate of $13.24 per share.
At the Effective Time, each option to purchase shares of Clifton common stock outstanding immediately before the effective time of the Merger, whether or not vested, was canceled and exchanged for a right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of (1) the number of shares of Clifton common stock subject to the stock option multiplied by (2) the amount by which $18.25 exceeded the exercise price of such option, less applicable withholding taxes. At the Effective Time, each outstanding share of restricted stock vested and was converted into the right to receive 1.191 shares of Kearny common stock.
Based on the number of shares of Clifton common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, Kearny is issuing approximately 25,536,868 million shares of Kearny common stock in connection with the Merger.
The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 of Kearnys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference.
