Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The information provided in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.
On May 30, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Separation Agreement, La Quinta completed the Distribution. Each La Quinta stockholder has received one share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of CorePoint for each share of La Quinta Common Stock (after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split) held by such stockholder as of 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the record date.
Immediately following the Distribution, on May 30, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub was merged with and into La Quinta, with La Quinta continuing as the surviving corporation. At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) and as a result of the Merger, La Quinta became a wholly owned subsidiary of Wyndham Worldwide and each share of common stock, par value $0.02 per share (after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split), of La Quinta (the La Quinta Common Stock) that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of La Quinta Common Stock (i) held by La Quinta as treasury stock or (ii) owned by Wyndham Worldwide or Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time (which were cancelled without payment of any consideration) was converted into the right to receive $8.40 in cash per share prior to giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split (or $16.80 in cash per share after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split), without interest (the Merger Consideration). The Merger Consideration is in addition to the shares of common stock of CorePoint that the La Quinta stockholders have received in the Distribution, as described above.
La Quinta Common Stock
Merger Consideration
Each La Quinta restricted stock award outstanding vested and became free of restrictions as of the Effective Time and was cancelled and terminated, and each holder of a La Quinta restricted stock award received the right, in respect of such La Quinta restricted stock award, to an amount in cash (less any applicable withholding taxes) equal to (A) the number of shares of La Quinta Common Stock subject to such La Quinta restricted stock award, multiplied by (B) the Merger Consideration. Any vesting conditions applicable to each La Quinta restricted
share unit outstanding accelerated in full, and such La Quinta restricted share unit was cancelled and terminated, and each holder of a La Quinta restricted share unit received the right to receive from the surviving corporation, in respect of such La Quinta restricted share unit, an amount in cash (less any applicable withholding taxes) equal to (A) the number of shares of La Quinta Common Stock previously subject to such restricted share unit award, multiplied by (B) the Merger Consideration.
Wyndham Worldwide financed the transaction with incremental borrowings as well as available cash.
The foregoing description of the Distribution, the Merger Agreement and the Merger does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Separation Agreement and the Merger Agreement, which are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits 2.2 and Exhibits 2.1, respectively, of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by La Quinta with the SEC on January 18, 2018.
