Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On May 4, 2018, Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (the Company), through Live Nation International Holdings B.V., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in the Netherlands (LNIH), completed its previously announced acquisition of 50% of the outstanding share capital of Rock City, S.A., a company incorporated in Brazil (Rock City), pursuant to a Share Subscription Agreement and Other Covenants entered into as of May 1, 2018 (the Subscription Agreement), by and among the Company, LNIH, Rock City, and Roberto Medina and certain other shareholders of Rock City (collectively, the Founding Shareholders). Rock City holds 80% of the outstanding share capital of Rock World, S.A., a company incorporated in Brazil (Rock World), which is the operator of the Rock in Rio festival events in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil and Lisbon, Portugal. The entry into the Subscription Agreement was previously reported by the Company in Item 5 of Part II of its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2018.
LNIH paid $34.8 million to Rock City as the subscription price for the acquired shares pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, and contributed approximately $4.1 million to the capital of Rock City to finance the repayment of certain indebtedness of Rock World. In addition, under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Company paid the Founding Shareholders $0.2 million in exchange for the right to acquire an additional 1% of the outstanding shares of Rock City for nominal consideration and thereby become its controlling shareholder, with such option exercisable (i) during the 60-day period beginning 120 days prior to the Rock in Rio festival event in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil to be held in 2019, (ii) during the 60-day period commencing on January 1, 2020 and (iii) thereafter from time to time upon the occurrence of certain triggering events. The Company also made a one-time payment of $5.0 million to the Founding Shareholders concurrently with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Agreement as an advance against certain contingent payments that will become payable to the Founding Shareholders in 2020, 2021 or 2022 in the event that either the Founding Shareholders elect to sell their remaining shares of Rock City to the Company, or the Company elects to acquire such shares.
The foregoing description of the Subscription Agreement and the transactions completed pursuant thereto does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Subscription Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
