Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On May 10, 2018, McDermott and CB&I completed the Combination pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement.
At 12:01 a.m., Eastern time, on May 10, 2018, the offer by McDermott Bidco to exchange (the Exchange Offer) any and all issued and outstanding CB&I common shares, par value EUR 0.01 per share (CB&I Common Stock) for shares of McDermott common stock, par value $1.00 per share (McDermott Common Stock), expired as scheduled and was not extended. McDermott Bidco was advised by the exchange agent for the Exchange Offer that, as of the expiration of the Exchange Offer, a total of approximately 66.7 million shares of CB&I Common Stock were validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in the Exchange Offer, representing approximately 65% of the shares of CB&I Common Stock then outstanding. All conditions to the Exchange Offer having been satisfied, McDermott Bidco accepted for exchange all of such tendered shares of CB&I Common Stock.
Following the acceptance of shares of CB&I Common Stock tendered in the Exchange Offer, on May 10, 2018, McDermott and McDermott Bidco consummated the Core Transactions of the Combination pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement.
As a result of the Core Transactions, shareholders of CB&I who did not validly tender in (or who properly withdrew their shares of CB&I Common Stock from) the Exchange Offer became shareholders of Comet I B.V., a company organized under the laws of the Netherlands and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of CB&I (CB&I Newco), and are entitled to receive, in connection with the liquidation of CB&I Newco, in respect of each former share of CB&I Common Stock, 0.82407 shares of McDermott Common Stock, together with cash in lieu of fractional shares. The consideration per share of CB&I Common Stock received pursuant to the liquidation of CB&I Newco is the same as the consideration received pursuant to the Exchange Offer, except that the receipt of shares of McDermott Common Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to the liquidation of CB&I Newco generally is subject to Dutch dividend withholding tax. Based on final computations made as of May 10, 2018, taking into account the number of shares of CB&I Common Stock not tendered in the exchange offer, the average paid-up capital of CB&I recognized for Dutch dividend withholding tax purposes with respect to such shares (approximately $319 million) and other applicable amounts, the aggregate amount of applicable Dutch dividend withholding tax was estimated to be approximately $40.6 million. The liquidator of Comet I B.V. will satisfy the payment obligations with respect to such tax by directing the exchange agent to sell shares of McDermott Common Stock that were previously deposited with the exchange agent and by directing the exchange agent to remit all or a portion of the proceeds of such sale to the Dutch tax authorities, all as contemplated by McDermotts previously filed Registration Statement on Form S-4.
5
In connection with the Combination, McDermott issued approximately 84.5 million shares of its common stock, with an estimated aggregate implied value of approximately $1.7 billion based on the closing price of McDermott Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on May 9, 2018, without accounting for withholding tax, which represents approximately 47% of its outstanding common stock after giving effect to such issuance. In addition, McDermott reserved for issuance approximately 13.7 million additional shares of McDermott Common Stock in connection with the exercise or conversion of CB&Is outstanding equity awards, which became exercisable for or convertible into McDermott Common Stock pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement.
The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the Combination is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.
The foregoing description of the Business Combination Agreement is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Business Combination Agreement and Amendment No. 1 thereto, copies of which are included as Exhibit 2.1 and Exhibit 2.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.
On May 10, 2018, McDermott issued a press release announcing the expiration of the Exchange Offer and completion of the Reverse Stock Split. A copy of that press release is included as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.
On May 10, 2018, McDermott issued a press release announcing the closing of the Combination. A copy of that press release is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.
