Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.
Meridian historically generally operated three lines of business: solid waste (the Solid Waste Business) through the subsidiaries of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Operations; technologies (the Technologies Business) through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Mobile; and innovations (the Innovations Business) through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Attis Innovations.
Historically. Meridians core business has been the Solid Waste Business, which focused on being an integrated provider of non-hazardous solid waste collection, transfer and disposal services. More recently Meridian has begun to shift its focus to formation and growth of the Technologies Business and Innovations Business. While the Solid Waste Business served as the platform for much of Meridians growth and revenue to date, the significant debt burden on Meridian (including indebtedness under the Prior Credit Agreement, the amount of liquidity required to service that indebtedness and the liquidity, cash flow and capital needs of the Solid Waste Business and the potential opportunities in the Technologies and Innovations Businesses have caused Meridians management to believe that it needed to pursue a path to reduce Meridians current debt burden. Meridians management believes that by pursuing a strategy of debt reduction, Meridian would be positioned to improve its liquidity constraints and provide for opportunity for potential future growth that will increase shareholder value.
Following the Closing, the Company will continue to operate the Technologies Business and the Innovations Business, each of which is described more fully in the Companys Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on April 16, 2018.
The Technologies Business, sometimes referred to herein as Attis Healthcare, is comprised of two divisions  (i) healthcare and (ii) Bright City, a mobile application. The healthcare division focuses on improving patient care and providing cost-saving opportunities through innovative, compliant, and comprehensive diagnostic and therapeutic solutions for patients and healthcare providers. The Company offers a broad portfolio of what it believes to be best-in-class solutions, combined with insight and expertise, to give providers tools that lead to healthier patients and communities to address the challenges that come with trying to improve patient outcomes while driving down the cost of care. Attis Healthcare offers products and services in a variety of areas, including hospital consulting services for both laboratory services and emergency department revenue enhancement, polymerase chain reaction molecular testing, pharmacogenetics testing, and medication therapy management.
Bright City is an all-in-one citizen engagement mobile application that allows cities and their residents to communicate more directly. Bright City is a tool intended to form safer communities, more proactive community leadership, and more connected citizens. Bright City provides direct and two-way communication, which means citizens can reply and communicate directly with local law enforcement and town, city or municipal staff. Bright City is specific and targeted to citizen-city official communication, which prevents communications from becoming lost in the clutter of social media and allows for communications from citizens to be routed directly to the appropriate city staff for response and resolution. Bright City includes camera, video, and GPS locator functionality, which provides specific location data and a more accurate description of the reported activity, expediting the flow of information. Bright City is intended to act as the eyes and ears of the city, allowing towns, cities and municipalities to expand security and increase connectivity.
The Innovations Business, sometimes referred to herein as Attis Innovations focuses on producing sustainable materials and fuels from renewable sources at costs equal to or less than those otherwise produced from fossil fuels. By processing targeted feedstocks, the Company believes that Attis Innovations will be able to produce materials used in the following markets: bioplastics, consumer goods, adhesives, carbon fiber, renewable fuels, and green chemicals, among others.
The Company intends to leverage its expertise in waste streams and its technology development experience to harvest value from biomass. To this end, Attis Innovations has assembled a growing portfolio of technologies that are being designed and developed to refine biomass in a series of process steps that are analogous to petroleum refining, in which crude oil is sequentially processed into a wide range of products. Attis Innovations patented and patent-pending lignin conversion and refining processes, which fractionate and convert cellulosic biomass into ethanol or butanol and a renewable alternative for petroleum-derived resins, were recently awarded a $3 million grant from the USDA.
3
Attis Innovations ultimate plan for this business is to finance, build, own and operate facilities based on its technologies to generate shareholder value by producing and selling renewable fuels, plastics, resins and other carbon-neutral offsets from low-value lignin and other cellulosic feedstocks; including pulp and paper by-products, first generation biofuel by-products, and other overlooked carbon-containing residuals. The Company is continuing to evaluate acquisitions and other transactions, some of which include existing production assets that are ideal for co-location of facilities based on its technologies. First generation biofuel plants can be particularly favorable targets inasmuch as its technologies have been proven to have the potential to generate more income by converting and refining existing by-products as compared to the income of current plants using traditional methods. No assurance can be given that such acquisitions can be consummated on terms that are acceptable to the Company.
Attis Innovations is comprised of three components: (1) Attis R&D Services, (2) Attis Biomaterials and (3) Attis Biofuels.
Beginning in January 2018, Attis R&D Services, through exclusive licenses with American Science and Technology Corporation (AST), holds a for hire 15,000 sq. ft. R&D facility (the AST Facility) capable of processing almost any form of biomass and converting it into targeted materials for testing and evaluation purposes. The AST Facility is a full-service pilot test facility, available to this industry and dedicated to developing innovative biobased products using its patented AST-Organosolv process to convert lignocellulosic biomass into high-value, bio-based chemicals and products. The AST Facility, located in Wausau, Wisconsin, operates at various scales from a laboratory level to multi-ton batches and is equipped with a wide range of biomass processing equipment to provide a unique opportunity to accelerate the advancement of the bio-based economy. The AST Facility was built through a series of grants and private. Attis Innovations is in the process of executing its plan to upgrade the AST Facility.
Attis Biomaterials
Attis Biomaterials is intended to provide for the recovery and conversion of practically any form of biomass into targeted bio-based materials. Attis Biomaterials plans to produce and supply high-performance plant-derived materials, chemicals, and molecularly consistent feedstocks to manufacturing industries at costs competitive with those for materials otherwise derived from fossil fuels. Plastic, adhesives, and transportation fuels are typically produced from non-renewable materials such as crude oil and natural gas. Attis Innovations is focusing on providing the same materials directly from biomass, which can be sustainably harvested and replanted. The Company believes Attis Biomaterials can cost-effectively recover greater amounts of high-quality sources of carbon-based feedstocks from biomass than those previously available, thereby substantially increasing the revenues and profits generated per unit of biomass harvested.
Attis Biofuels
Attis Biofuels is intended to produce biofuels from low-cost feedstocks. These feedstocks include cellulose, hemicellulose lignin, sugars, fats and vegetable oils.
Attis Biofuels plans to purchase sugars from Attis Biomaterials and to convert this sugar into ethanol. This form of ethanol is referred to as cellulosic ethanol and sold at a premium to corn derived ethanol due the additional renewable energy credits it receives.
In addition, Attis Biofuels plans to use its capital and energy efficient biodiesel and renewable diesel process technology to convert fats and oils into fuels. Attis Biofuels has designed a hybrid process technology that allows for the production of either biodiesel or renewable diesel depending on the market demand for each.
4
4
When producing biodiesel, Attis Biofuels process does not require the use of a catalyst; as a result, the system is able
Attis IP Holdings
In addition to the three divisions of Attis Innovations, Attis IP Holdings is a company designated to hold and manage Attis Innovations patent portfolio. This business unit will charge each of Attis Innovations process subsidiaries a royalty fee to be used to account for the cost associated with managing and prosecuting the patents. The objective of this business unit is to be cash flow neutral.
