Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On May 23, 2018 (the Closing Date), the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of A2iA Group II, S.A.S. (A2iA), a simplified joint stock company formed under the laws of France (the Acquisition), pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), by and among the Company, each of the holders of outstanding shares of A2iA (each, a Seller and collectively, the Sellers) and Andera Partners, S.C.A., as representative of the Sellers. Upon completion of the Acquisition, A2iA became a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
May 23, 2018
(the
Closing Date
), the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of A2iA Group II, S.A.S. (
A2iA
), a simplified joint stock company formed under the laws of France (the
Acquisition
), pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (the
Purchase Agreement
), by and among the Company, each of the holders of outstanding shares of A2iA (each, a
Seller
and collectively, the
Sellers
) and Andera Partners, S.C.A., as representative of the Sellers. Upon completion of the Acquisition, A2iA became a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
As consideration for the Acquisition, the Company paid an aggregate purchase price of EUR 42,500,000, comprised of: (i) a cash payment to Sellers of EUR 24,400,000, subject to adjustments for change in control payments, transaction expenses, indebtedness and net working capital (the Cash Payment); and (ii) the issuance to Sellers of approximately EUR 18,100,000 in shares of the Companys common stock (Closing Shares), par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), calculated based on the average closing price per share of Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market for the 20 trading days prior to the day immediately preceding the Closing Date.
Cash Payment
); and (ii) the issuance to Sellers of approximately EUR 18,100,000 in shares of the Companys common stock (
Closing Shares
), par value $0.001 per share (
Common Stock
), calculated based on the average closing price per share of Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market for the 20 trading days prior to the day immediately preceding the Closing Date.
On the Closing Date, the Company deposited EUR 590,000 of the Cash Payment and EUR 3,660,000 of Closing Shares into an escrow fund to serve as collateral and partial security for certain indemnification rights of the Company. The escrow fund will be maintained for up to 24 months following the completion of the Acquisition or until such earlier time as the escrow fund is exhausted.
The Company used funds drawn on its revolving credit facility and cash on hand for the Cash Payment paid on the Closing Date.
The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties.
The Purchase Agreement has been provided pursuant to applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to provide investors and stockholders with information regarding its terms; however, it is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, A2iA, their respective subsidiaries and affiliates, or any other party. In particular, the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement have been made only for the purpose of the Purchase Agreement and, as such, are intended solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement. In many cases, these representations and warranties are subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties and are qualified by certain disclosures exchanged by the parties in connection with the execution of the Purchase Agreement. Furthermore, many of the representations and warranties in the Purchase Agreement are the result of a negotiated allocation of contractual risk among the parties and, taken in isolation, do not necessarily reflect facts about the Company, A2iA, their respective subsidiaries and affiliates or any other party. Likewise, any references to materiality contained in the representations and warranties may not correspond to concepts of materiality applicable to investors or stockholders. Finally, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement and these changes may not be fully reflected in the Companys public disclosures. As a result of the foregoing, investors and stockholders are strongly encouraged not to rely on the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement, or on any descriptions thereof, as accurate characterizations of the state of facts or condition of the Company or any other party.
,
it is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, A2iA, their respective subsidiaries and affiliates, or any other party. In particular, the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement have been made only for the purpose of the Purchase Agreement and, as such, are intended solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement. In many cases, these representations and warranties are subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties and are qualified by certain disclosures exchanged by the parties in connection with the execution of the Purchase Agreement. Furthermore, many of the representations and warranties in the Purchase Agreement are the result of a negotiated allocation of contractual risk among the parties and, taken in isolation, do not necessarily reflect facts about the Company, A2iA, their respective subsidiaries and affiliates or any other party. Likewise, any references to materiality contained in the representations and warranties may not correspond to concepts of materiality applicable to investors or stockholders. Finally, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement and these changes may not be fully reflected in the Companys public disclosures. As a result of the foregoing, investors and stockholders are strongly encouraged not to rely on the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement, or on any descriptions thereof, as accurate characterizations of the state of facts or condition of the Company or any other party.
The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 3.02. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.
