Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock) (other than shares of Common Stock owned by Bayer, Merger Sub or any of their wholly owned subsidiaries and shares of Common Stock owned by the Company or its wholly owned subsidiaries) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically converted into the right to receive $128.00 in cash, without interest (the Merger Consideration).
In addition, at the Effective Time, each restricted stock unit of the Company outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, with interest to the extent that settlement does not occur at the Effective Time, as specified in the applicable award agreement. The Merger Consideration payable in respect of restricted stock units granted prior September 14, 2016, the date the Merger Agreement was executed, is fully vested as of the Effective Time. The Merger Consideration payable in respect of restricted stock units granted on or following September 14, 2016 generally will remain subject to the vesting schedule that applied prior to the Effective Time, and will be subject to full vesting upon the holders termination of employment without cause, for good reason or due to death, disability or retirement; however, 1/3 of the performance-based restricted stock units granted in respect of the Companys 2017 fiscal year vested and became payable at the Effective Time. Any performance goals applicable to a performance-based restricted stock unit was fixed, in accordance with the award agreement, based on actual performance for each completed fiscal year of a performance period in progress as of the Effective Time and based on target performance for any fiscal year that has not been completed as of the Effective Time.
At the Effective Time, each outstanding option to purchase shares of Common Stock and each stock appreciation right in respect of a share of Common Stock, whether vested or unvested, became fully vested and was automatically converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration less the applicable exercise price of such option or stock appreciation right, without interest.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 20, 2016 and is incorporated by reference herein.
The information set forth under the Introductory Note and Item 5.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.
