Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Acquisition of Ozop Surgical, Inc. and Share Redemption
Effective April 13, 2018, Newmarkt Corp. ("we," "us," "our," "NWKT," or the Company) entered into and completed a share exchange agreement (the "Share Exchange Agreement") with Ozop Surgical, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("OZOP"), the shareholders of OZOP (the OZOP Shareholders) and Denis Razvodovskij, the holder of 2,000,000 shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, the OZOP Shareholders transferred and exchanged 100% of the capital stock of OZOP in exchange for an aggregate of 25,000,000 newly issued shares of our common stock (the Share Exchange). After giving effect to the redemption of 2,000,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to the Redemption Agreement discussed below and the issuance of 25,000,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, we had 25,797,500 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, with the OZOP Shareholders, as a group, owning 96.9% of such shares. Our executive officers and directors, as a group, own 19,900,000 of our shares representing 77.1% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Upon completion of the share exchange pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, OZOP became our wholly owned subsidiary.
OZOP invents, designs, develops, manufactures and globally distributes innovative endoscopic instruments, surgical implants, instrumentation, devices and related technologies, focused on spine, neurological and pain management procedures and specialties.
Effective April 13, 2018, in connection with the acquisition of OZOP, we agreed to purchase and redeem 2,000,000 shares of our common stock from Mr. Razvodovskij for a total purchase price of $350,000 pursuant to a Share Redemption Agreement (the Redemption Agreement).
Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, effective April 13, 2018, Mr. Razvodovskij resigned as the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and sole director, and Michael Chermak, Salman J. Chaudhry and Eric Siu were named as directors of the Company.
Convertible Promissory Note with Carebourn Capital, L.P.
On April 13, 2018, we sold Carebourn Capital, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Carebourn) a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $442,175 (the Note), pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement we entered into with them dated April 1, 2018. The Note bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum and is due and payable on April 13, 2019. The Note had an original issue discount of $57,675. We paid $25,000 to cover Carebourns transactional expenses and $9,500 to cover Carebourns legal fees in connection with the sale of the Note, which were included in the principal amount of the Note.
Periodic payments are due by us on the Note at the rate of $850 per day (the Repayment Amount) via direct withdrawal from our bank account, beginning on April 27, 2018 and to last for a 30-day period. Following this period, the Repayment Amount automatically increases to $1,100 per day until the Note is satisfied in full. The Repayment Amount automatically adjusts to a prorated higher amount based upon the addition of charges to the outstanding balance of the Note, as well as to reflect any penalties incurred or events of defaults triggered under the terms of the Note.
The Note provides for standard and customary events of default such as failing to timely make payments under the Note when due, the failure of the Company to timely comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, reporting requirements and the failure to maintain a listing on the OTC Markets. Additionally, upon the occurrence of certain defaults, as described in the Note, we are required to pay Carebourn liquidated damages in addition to the amount owed under the Note.
The principal amount of the Note and all accrued interest thereon is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into our common stock at any time following the date the Note was issued. The conversion price of the Note is equal to 55% of the lowest price quoted on the OTC Markets for the Companys common stock during the 25 trading days prior to the conversion date. The conversion price of the Notes is subject to proportional adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, rights offerings by us relating to our securities or the securities of any our subsidiaries, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events. Additionally, in the event our shares are not deliverable via DWAC following conversion an additional 10% discount is added to the conversion discount of the note and in the event we fail to meet certain other requirements of the note, an additional 5% discount is added to the conversion discount of the conversion price.
- 2 -
- 2 -
In the event we fail to deliver the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note within three business days of our receipt of a conversion notice, we are required to pay Carebourn $2,000 per day for each day that we fail to deliver such shares.
At no time may the Note be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in Carebourn and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. This ownership limitation can be increased or decreased by the holder upon 61 days notice to us.
We may prepay in full the unpaid principal and interest on the Note, with at least 20 trading days notice, (a) any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date, by paying 130% of the principal amount of the Note together with accrued interest thereon; and (b) any time beginning on the 181st day after the issuance date and ending on the 364th day after the issuance date, by paying 150% of the principal amount of the Note together with accrued interest thereon. After the expiration of the 364th day after the issuance date, we have no right of prepayment.
The Note also contains customary positive and negative covenants.
In the event we receive any third party offer to provide us funding while the note is outstanding we are required to offer Carebourn a right of first refusal to provide such funding on the terms offered by the third party. We also agreed that if we provide any financing source more favorable terms than Carebourn under the note while the note is outstanding that the Carebourn note would, at the option of Carebourn, be amended to include such more favorable terms.
Pledge Agreement. In connection with our obligations under the Note, our executive officers and the Company entered into a Pledge Agreement (the Pledge Agreement) whereby they pledged as collateral for the Loan an aggregate of 19,900,000 shares of our common stock and we pledged the shares of our subsidiary OZOP Surgical, Inc. (collectively, the Collateral). Upon a default under the terms of the Note, Carebourn may, among other things, collect or take possession of the Collateral, proceed with the foreclosure of the security interest in the Collateral or sell, lease or dispose of the Collateral.
The foregoing descriptions of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Redemption Agreement, the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Note and form of Pledge Agreement are summaries only and are qualified in their entireties by reference to the full text of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Redemption Agreement, the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Note and form of Pledge Agreement, filed herewith as Exhibits 2.1, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.
