Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On June 6, 2018, Northrop Grumman Corporation (the Company) completed its previously announced acquisition of Orbital ATK, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Orbital ATK), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of September 17, 2017, among the Company, Neptune Merger, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), and Orbital ATK. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Orbital ATK with Orbital ATK continuing as the surviving corporation in the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger). At the effective time of the Merger, each share of common stock, $0.01 par value, of Orbital ATK (the Orbital ATK Shares) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than Orbital ATK Shares owned by the Company, Merger Sub or Orbital ATK and the Orbital ATK Shares with respect to which appraisal rights were properly exercised and not withdrawn under Delaware law) were converted into the right to receive $134.50 in cash, without interest (the Merger Consideration). On the effective date of the Merger, Orbital ATKs name was changed to Northrop Grumman Innovation Systems, Inc. (Northrop Grumman Innovation Systems). Each Orbital ATK stock option outstanding immediately prior to the effective time was converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the number of shares of Orbital ATKs common stock subject to the stock option, multiplied by the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of such stock option. Each Orbital ATK restricted share outstanding immediately prior to the effective time was converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the Merger Consideration. Each Orbital ATK performance share outstanding immediately prior to the effective time vested at target performance, subject to proration except to the extent otherwise provided by an existing contractual arrangement, and was converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the number of shares of Orbital ATKs common stock subject to the vested performance share, multiplied by the Merger Consideration. Restricted share awards and performance share awards granted following the execution of the Merger Agreement were treated as described above after giving effect to the proration and forfeiture provisions of the Merger Agreement and applicable award agreements. Each Orbital ATK deferred stock unit and each phantom stock unit outstanding immediately prior to the effective time was converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the number of shares of Orbital ATKs common stock subject to such deferred stock unit or phantom stock unit, multiplied by the Merger Consideration.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. The Merger Agreement has been included to provide investors and security holders with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, Orbital ATK or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The representations and warranties and the covenants in the Merger Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement. Investors should not rely on the representations and warranties and the covenants as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company, Orbital ATK or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates.
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.
