Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On April 13, 2018, Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (Old Line), the parent company of Old Line Bank, completed its acquisition of Bay Bancorp, Inc. (BYBK), the parent company of Bay Bank, FSB, through the merger of BYBK with and into Old Line (the Merger). The Merger was consummated pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 27, 2017, by and between Old Line and BYBK (the Merger Agreement).As a result of the Merger, each share of common stock of BYBK was converted into the right to receive 0.4888 shares of Old Lines common stock, provided that cash will be paid in lieu of any fractional shares of Old Line common stock. As a result Old Line will issue approximately 4,408,087 shares of its common stock in exchange for the shares of common stock of BYBK in the Merger and pay approximately $968,805 in cash in exchange for unexercised options to purchase BYBK common stock that were outstanding immediately before the effective time of the Merger. The aggregate Merger consideration was approximately $128.6 million as calculated pursuant to the Merger Agreement and approximately $143.6 million based on the closing sales price of Old Lines common stock on April 13, 2018.In connection with the Merger, the parties have caused Bay Bank, FSB to merge with and into Old Line Bank, with Old Line Bank the surviving bank.As a result of the Merger, Old Line plans to close and consolidate two branch locations. Old Line expects to close the Hunt Valley and Owings Mills branches, operated by Old Line Bank prior to the Merger, on or about July 20, 2018. These branches have former Bay Bank locations within close proximity.A copy of the press release announcing the completion of the Merger is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
As a result of the Merger, each share of common stock of BYBK was converted into the right to receive 0.4888 shares of Old Lines common stock, provided that cash will be paid in lieu of any fractional shares of Old Line common stock. As a result Old Line will issue approximately 4,408,087 shares of its common stock in exchange for the shares of common stock of BYBK in the Merger and pay approximately $968,805 in cash in exchange for unexercised options to purchase BYBK common stock that were outstanding immediately before the effective time of the Merger. The aggregate Merger consideration was approximately $128.6 million as calculated pursuant to the Merger Agreement and approximately $143.6 million based on the closing sales price of Old Lines common stock on April 13, 2018.
In connection with the Merger, the parties have caused Bay Bank, FSB to merge with and into Old Line Bank, with Old Line Bank the surviving bank.
As a result of the Merger, Old Line plans to close and consolidate two branch locations. Old Line expects to close the Hunt Valley and Owings Mills branches, operated by Old Line Bank prior to the Merger, on or about July 20, 2018. These branches have former Bay Bank locations within close proximity.
A copy of the press release announcing the completion of the Merger is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
Section 5 Corporate Governance and Management
