Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On January 31, 2018, Pacific Ventures Group, Inc. (the Company) entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) with Royalty Foods, LLC, a Nevada limited liability corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Royalty Foods), and San Diego Farmers Outlet, Inc., a California corporation (San Diego Farmers Outlet). Pursuant to the Agreement, at the closing of the transactions contemplated therein (the Closing), Royalty Foods will acquire substantially all of the operating assets and assume certain liabilities of San Diego Farmers Outlet (the Asset Purchase).
On April 30, 2018, the Asset Purchase was completed. Simultaneously, Royalty Foods assigned its rights and obligations to Royalty Foods Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (Royalty Partners), of which the Company is the managing member and owner of 80,000 of the Class B Units of membership, and of which TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (TCA) owns 19,000 of the Class B Units and 1,000 Class A Units. The assets purchased include an operating grocery business, including inventory, fixtures and several trucks. There were no material relationships between San Diego Farmers Outlet and its affiliates other than in respect to the transaction. San Diego Farmers Outlet received $1,120,000 (including $70,000 as adjusted for inventory) in cash at closing. The Company and Royalty Partners (collectively, the (Borrower) borrowed the funds paid to complete the Asset Purchase from TCA, pursuant to a Senior Secured Facility Agreement (collectively, with ancillary agreements, the Loan Agreement) by and among TCA as lender and the Company and Royalty Partners as borrowers, which Loan closed simultaneously with the Closing and completion of the Asset Purchase as described above.
The foregoing description is a summary only, does not purport to set forth the complete terms of the Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K earlier filed with the Commission on February 5, 2018 and hereby incorporated by reference.
