Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On May 10, 2018 (the Closing Date), Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. (the Company) completed a merger with Prime Bank, a Connecticut bank headquartered in New Haven County, located in the Town of Orange, CT (Prime Bank) pursuant to that certain merger agreement dated August 1, 2017 (Merger Agreement) by and among the Company, Patriot Bank, N. A., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Patriot (Patriot Bank), Prime Bank and a stockholder representative of Prime Bank (the Stockholder Representative).
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, as of the Closing Date, the separate existence of Prime Bank ceased and Prime Bank merged into Patriot Bank. All assets of Prime Bank as they existed at the Closing Date passed to and vest in the surviving entity. Stockholders of Prime Bank prior to the merger received aggregate cash consideration equal to 115% of Prime Banks tangible book value (TBV) as of the Closing Date (Merger Consideration). Moreover, all outstanding stock options of Prime Bank prior to the merger were settled by cash payment in an amount equal to the amount by which the per share Merger Consideration exceeds the exercise price of each stock option. As of the Closing Date, the Company paid Prime Bank an initial cash consideration in the aggregate amount of approximately $5.9 million.
In addition, the parties to the Merger Agreement have determined how certain loans will be treated in connection with the calculation of Prime Banks TBV and agreed that the aggregate cash consideration will be subsequently adjusted as deficiency factors associated with certain loans are cured over a specified period of time.
The foregoing descriptions of the terms of the Merger Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the form of the Merger Agreement filed as Exhibit 10(a) (21) to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2017 filed on August 2, 2017.
Section 9 - Financial Statements and Exhibits
