Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS
Effective May 31, 2018, the Company, Photozou Holdings, Inc., and Mr. Koichi Ishizuka consummated a Stock Purchase Agreement for Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd., and Photozou Koukoku became a 100% wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd. was incorporated under the laws of Japan on March 14, 2017. Currently, Photozou Koukoku is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. The Company offers advertising services and sells cameras on consignment.
-4-
Table of Contents
FORM 10 DISCLOSURE
As disclosed elsewhere in this report, the Company completed a Stock Purchase Agreement, which caused the Company to cease being defined as a shell company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K requires that if a registrant was a shell company, immediately before the transaction disclosed under Item 2.01, then the registrant must disclose the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10. Accordingly, we are providing below the information that would be included in a Form 10 if we were to file a Form 10. Please note that the information provided below relates to the combined enterprises after the closing of the Stock Purchase Agreement, except that information relating to periods prior to the date of the Stock Purchase Agreement only relates to the Company, unless otherwise specifically indicated.
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K requires that if a registrant was a shell company, immediately before the transaction disclosed under Item 2.01, then the registrant must disclose the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10. Accordingly, we are providing below the information that would be included in a Form 10 if we were to file a Form 10. Please note that the information provided below relates to the combined enterprises after the closing of the Stock Purchase Agreement, except that information relating to periods prior to the date of the Stock Purchase Agreement only relates to the Company, unless otherwise specifically indicated.
BUSINESS INFORMATION
*Following our acquisition, as detailed on page 4, we now operate exclusively through our wholly owned subsidiary Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd.
Photozou Koukoku - Business Information
Photozou Koukoku was incorporated under the laws of Japan on March 14, 2017. Currently, Photozou Koukoku is headquartered at 4-30-4F, Yotsuya, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, 160-0004, Japan. Photozou Koukokus office space is provided rent free by our Chief Executive Officer, Koichi Ishizuka.
Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd.s business operations are primarily focused around the sale of used cameras sold through the website http://kaitori.photozou.jp/, and online advertising through various channels. On April 17, 2017, Photozou Koukoku obtained a license to operate as a used goods merchant in Japan.
Background of Operations - Sale of Cameras
Photozou Koukoku deals mainly in high-class digital single lens reflex cameras produced by well known Japanese camera makers, e.g. Canon, Nikon, Fujifilm, etc. The used camera industry in Japan is a multi billion dollar industry and cameras made in Japan have worldwide appeal and recognition. The Company believes that due to the high quality of cameras created by Japanese camera makers that these will be the most appealing products to offer to the Japanese market. However, should market trends shift and the demand for cameras of other companies see a surge in popularity then Photozou Koukoku may consider the possibility of acquiring and reselling cameras by other manufacturers.
Purchasing
Photozou Koukoku primarily purchases used cameras from individual consumers in Japan. Photozou Koukokus supporting website at http://kaitori.photozou.jp/ can be used by interested parties to access pertinent information relating to selling their cameras. For example, there is a section of the website which discloses a price list by product. Through the website they can also request an estimate, review Photozou Koukokus procedure for purchasing cameras and fill out an application to sell their camera. Currently, Photozou Koukoku has hired, as an independent contractor, Mr. Takaharu Ogami to handle the entirety of all purchasing and selling activities of Photozou Koukokus camera business. Relating to his services to Photozou Koukoku, Mr. Takaharu is paid a monthly fee. The Company considers the sale of the cameras as being sold on consignment through Mr. Ogamis efforts because he is responsible for the sale and shipping of the cameras at the expense of Photozou Koukoku. Photozou Koukoku is the legal owner of the camera(s) until the point of sale to the purchaser or purchaser(s).
Inventory
As of February 28, 2018, the Company held inventory comprised solely of used cameras in the amount of $19,069.
Selling
Photozou Koukoku sells used cameras to individual consumers through the supporting website at http://kaitori.photozou.jp/. Visitors to the site can view Photozou Koukokus current inventory which includes the specific brand and features of the cameras offered for sale. Additionally, from time to time cameras are sold online utilizing Yahoo auctions. Cameras are then shipped to the purchaser for a fee that is determined at a later date, and may differ on a case by case basis depending on the type of camera and method of delivery. In addition, Photozou Koukoku sells cameras to distributors through the sales efforts of Mr. Ogami.
Photozou Koukoku plans to expand its target customers to outside of Japan and intends to continuously evaluate the possibility of selling cameras directly to additional distributors.
Advertising Services
At present, Photozou Koukoku conducts two types of advertising services. These services include managing online photo contests and web advertising services specifically geared toward advertisements that are placed on what is known as The Photozou-Social Networking Service. The aforementioned is a social networking website, primarily for photo sharing. Its web address can be found here: http://photozou.jp/?lang=en. The online social networking website is owned entirely by Photozou Co., Ltd., a Japan Corporation, which our CEO and Director, Koichi Ishizuka, also owns and controls in its entirety.
Herein, we may refer to the aforementioned social networking website as the Photozou-SNS, SNS, the website or the social networking site.
Photozou Koukoku develops banner ads for third party companies and subsequently assists those clients with having those advertisements placed on the Photozou-SNS. Fees are determined on a case by case basis and vary depending on whether or not Photozou Co., Ltd contracts Photozou Koukoku to work with a pre-existing client, or if Photozou Koukoku obtains the client on their own accord.
It is possible that the Company will expand into offering additional online advertising services, and will create advertisements in forms other than banner ads, but no such plans have been fully developed at this point in time.
As mentioned above the Company also manages and operates photo contests that take place on the SNS. The photo contests are funded by third parties and are used as a way to promote and advertise the business operations of the third party companies hosting the photo contest(s), through the social networking site. Fees for this service are also on a case by case basis and vary depending on whether or not Photozou Co., Ltd contracts Photozou Koukoku to work with a pre-existing client, or if Photozou Koukoku obtains the client on their own accord.
The typical model for photo contest(s) follows several steps. Initially the photo contest, and any applicable themes and guidelines, are announced on the Photozou-SNS (which has more than 7 million registered users). Secondly, the participants have about two to three months to submit their photographs to the photo contest. Subsequently, the photographs will be judged on certain criteria depending on the type of contest and then the announcement of results (winners) will take place on Photozou-SNS. In order to attract individuals to take part in the photo contest incentives like prizes are offered. The prizes differ on a case by case basis but may consist of a combination of cash, gift cards, or other goods.
Currently, Photozou Koukoku manages and operates the Wi-Ho Photo Contest sponsored by Telecom Square Taiwan, Inc.
Promotional activity
Our CEO, Koichi Ishizuka has verbally consented that we may utilize the SNS to promote and advertise our own services.
We believe there to be a clear synergy between the operations of Photozou Koukoku and the Photozou-SNS, as Photozou-SNS is a website where users can upload and share pictures taken with their cameras. It is our belief that many individuals who are sharing, browsing and evaluating photographs online will have an interest in purchasing cameras for personal use and potentially to upload more photos on the website. They may also potentially own a business that seeks to run a photo contest via the SNS which we may benefit from should they decide to do so.
Future Plans
Over the next three months we, Photozou Koukoku, plan to develop our website further and begin advertising our inventory on Photozou-SNS. Additionally, we intend to increase our current level of inventory comprised of used cameras.
Subsequently, and over the next six months, we plan to increase the number of distributors and individual customers to whom we are directly selling used cameras. Additionally, there are plans, which are not fully developed, to expand the business and explore foreign markets.
-5-
Table of Contents
RISK FACTORS
An investment in our common stock is highly speculative, and should only be made by persons who can afford to lose their entire investment in us. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information in this report before deciding to become a holder of our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business and financial results could be negatively affected to a significant extent.
We only have one officer and director, Koichi Ishizuka, and should we lose his services for any reason our business would be adversely affected.
Due to the fact that our Company, at present, only has one Executive Officer, should we lose his services our business operations would be adversely affected and, most likely, we would be forced to cease or suspend all operations.
At present the Company relies on Mr. Takaharu Ogami for all purchasing and selling activities. Should we lose his services, we would have to restructure the entirety of our used camera operations.
Currently all purchasing of used inventory, and subsequent selling of used inventory, is handled by Takaharu Ogami, with whom we have signed an agreement for him to act as an independent contractor. As we have delegated the entire used camera portion of our business operations to Mr. Ogami, should we lose his services as an independent contractor we would be forced to entirely overhaul our used camera business and seek another arrangement for the purchase and subsequent sale of used cameras.
At present we are supplied office and storage space free of charge by our Chief Executive Officer. However, should he no longer offer us this space, or alternatively should he decide to charge rent for the space, our operations could be adversely affected.
The Company is provided storage and office space rent free by our Chief Executive Officer Mr. Koichi Ishizuka. However, Mr. Ishizuka is under no obligation to continue to provide the Company this office and storage space rent free, or to provide this space to the Company at all. In the event that Mr. Ishizuka decides to charge rent for this space, we would either have to pay the rent or find an alternative location from which to conduct business. Also, in the event Mr. Ishizuka decides to no longer offer this space to the Company at all, we would have no choice but to relocate and find other office and storage space from which to carry out our operations.
Our used camera business is entirely dependent upon how many used cameras we are able to purchase from consumers. In the event we are not able to obtain used cameras in significant quantities, our business could be materially affected.
Given the fact that we rely entirely on purchasing used cameras from individual consumers, for the used camera portion of our business, there can be no assurances as to how many cameras we will have in stock at any point in time. The number of cameras we are able to purchase could vary based on a great many factors including, but not limited to, how many individuals are looking to sell used cameras in Japan, competition we may face from other used camera purchasers, general demand for cameras. Given that we cannot accurately predict how many used cameras we will be able to acquire in a given fiscal year, it is difficult to forecast the results of our operations.
Our marketing plans, at present, rely entirely on business connections and advertising on the Photozou-SNS. Should this prove ineffective, we may be forced to alter our marketing plans significantly.
At present, our marketing plans are limited to personal relationships that our Chief Executive Officer or independent contractor may have as well as advertising on the Photozou-SNS. In the event that we are not able to generate significant interest in our operations from either, or both, of these advertising methods then we may be forced to alter our marketing plan substantially. In the event that we cannot do so adequately, the material results of our business could suffer.
In the absence of revenue, we may be forced to rely on additional funding from Photozou Co., Ltd.
At present, we have not generated enough revenue to carry out our operations for any length of time. As of February 28, 2018 we have already borrowed $35,341 from Photozou Co., LTD. which is owned by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Koichi Ishizuka, and the total amount is due on demand and non-interest binding. Photozou Co., LTD. is under no obligation to continue to provide us with funding. In the event that we require additional funding, and Photozou Co., LTD. does not agree to provide us with additional capital, we may be forced to find alternative methods of financing or our business operations could be adversely affected and we may be forced to cease operations entirely.
from Photozou Co., LTD. which is owned by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Koichi Ishizuka, and the total amount is due on demand and non-interest binding. Photozou Co., LTD. is under no obligation to continue to provide us with funding. In the event that we require additional funding, and Photozou Co., LTD. does not agree to provide us with additional capital, we may be forced to find alternative methods of financing or our business operations could be adversely affected and we may be forced to cease operations entirely.
Our advertising services are limited to creating advertisements on the Photozou-SNS. Should anything happen to the Photozou-SNS that would limit our ability to create advertisements on the platform, our business could be affected.
The advertising services we offer to independent third parties comprise banner advertisements that can be displayed on the Photozou-SNS. In the event that we are no longer able to create advertisements on this platform for any reason at all, including, but not limited to, the SNS becoming unavailable, a shift in the functions of the website, a fundamental change in their policies, etc. then we would no longer be able to offer the same advertising services. We would be forced to reevaluate and change our advertising services or, in a worst case scenario, suspend our efforts to offer advertising entirely.
Should we fail to attract interest in the photo contests we will set up for third parties, on the Photozou-SNS, then we may have difficulty attracting additional clients to utilize this service.
A portion of our advertising services are comprised of organizing and conducting photo contests on the Photozou-SNS. In the event that we are not able to attract enough participants to the photo contests, then third parties may not see our photo contests as a valuable method of advertisement for them/their company. In the event that we cannot generate enough publicity or interest in these contests, we may be forced to suspend them entirely or rework them in a manner that is appealing to the public and encourages participation.
-6-
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR PHOTOZOU KOUKOKU CO., LTD.
At present, the Company has an agreement with Mr. Takaharu Ogami,whereas Mr. Ogamito, will handle all aspects of Photozou Koukokus busines activities relating to the buying and selling of used cameras on our behalf. We currently manage and operate the Wi-Ho Photo Contest sponsored by Telecom Square Taiwan. In the future we seek to manage further contests of the same sort.
As mentioned in our business plan we also offer advertising services whereas we assist third party companies with the creation of advertisements to be placed on the Photozou-SNS.
Over the next three months we plan to further develop the companys website at http://kaitori.photozou.jp/ and begin promoting inventory on Photozou-SNS. Additionally, we intend to increase the number of cameras purchased from individuals to increase inventory. Subsequently, and over the next six months, we plan to increase the number of distributors and individual customers to whom we directly sell used cameras.
For the period from March 14, 2017 (Inception) through May 31, 2017 the company experienced a net loss in the amount of $13,724. Additionally, we generated total revenues in the amount of $5,953 with a cost of revenue totaling $441. The majority of our revenues thus far have been comprised of advertising services that we have provided to customers.
For the three months ended February 28, 2018 the company had net income in the amount of $1,086. Additionally, for the three months ended February 28, 2018 we generated total revenues in the amount of $203,277 with a cost of revenue totaling $175,358. The majority of our revenues for the three month period ending February 28, 2018 were comprised of the sale of used cameras sold under consignment.
For the nine months ended February 28, 2018 the company had a net loss in the amount of $13,493. Additionally, for the nine months ended February 28, 2018 we generated total revenues in the amount of $355,304 with a cost of revenue totaling $301,511. The majority of our revenues for the nine month period ending February 28, 2018 were comprised of the sale of used cameras sold under consignment.
We had cash and cash equivalents of $2,378 and inventory of $19,069 as of February 28, 2018.
As of May 31, 2017, the Company held inventory comprised solely of used cameras in the amount of $17,260.
As of February 28, 2018, the Company held inventory comprised solely of used cameras in the amount of $19,069.
-7-
Table of Contents
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
IN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
As of May 31, 2018 the Company had 8,000,000 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, which number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock and preferred stock have been used throughout this report.
Note: Pursuant to our Registration Statement deemed effective on June 20, 2017, we, the Company, sold a total of 3,037,300 shares of our common stock. The proceeds totaled $75,933. These shares were sold pursuant to Rule 419. The monies generated from the aforementioned capital raise were to be used to attempt to make an acquisition. We did not however, make an acquisition in the allotted time granted by Rule 419 therefore, on May 8, 2018, we conducted a stock cancellation of above 3,037,300 shares and the total funds of $75,933 were returned to investors.
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Common Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned Voting Shares of Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned Total Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned (1) Executive Officers and Directors Koichi Ishizuka (1) 0 0.00% none n/a 0.00% 5% or greater shareholders Photozou, Co., Ltd. (2) 8,000,000 100% none n/a 100.00%
Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned
Common Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned
Voting Shares of Preferred Stock
Preferred Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned
Total Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned (1)
Executive Officers and Directors
Koichi Ishizuka (1) 0 0.00% none n/a 0.00%
0
0.00%
none
n/a
0.00%
5% or greater shareholders
Photozou, Co., Ltd. (2) 8,000,000 100% none n/a 100.00%
8,000,000
100%
none
n/a
100.00%
(1) Koichi Ishizuka is the President, CEO and Director of the Company.
(2) Mr. Koichi Ishizuka owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Photozou, Co., Ltd.
Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire shares (for example, upon exercise of an option or warrant) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person by reason of such acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the following table does not necessarily reflect the persons actual voting power at any particular date.
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Our executive officers and directors, after completion of the Stock Purchase Agreement, are as follows:
Photozou Holdings, Inc.
Name Position Age Koichi Ishizuka Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer 45
Position
Age
Koichi Ishizuka Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer 45
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer
45
Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd
Name Position Age Koichi Ishizuka President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 45
Position
Age
Koichi Ishizuka President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 45
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
45
Koichi Ishizuka
In 2004 Mr. Koichi Ishizuka graduated with his MBA from the University of Aoyama Gakuin. Several years later in 2011 he graduated from the Advanced Management Program at Harvard School of Business. Following Mr. Ishizukas formal education, he took a position as the head of marketing with Thomson Reuters, a mass media and information firm. Thereafter, he served as the CEO of Xinhua Finance Japan in 2006, Fate Corporation in 2008, and LCA Holdings., Ltd in 2009. Currently, Mr. Ishizuka serves as the Chief Executive Officer of OFF Line Co., Ltd., Photozou Co., Ltd., Photozou Holdings, Inc., and Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd.. He has held the position of CEO with OFF Line Co., Ltd. Since 2013, Photozou Co., Ltd since 2016, Photozou Holdings, Inc since 2017 and Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd. since 2017.
-8-
Table of Contents
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Summary Compensation for Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd.:
The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the officers and directors of Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd. for the year ended November 30, 2017.
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and principal position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Koichi Ishizuka Chief Executive Officer, Director 2017 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Name and principal position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($)
principal position
Year
Salary ($)
($)
Bonus ($)
($)
Stock Awards ($)
Stock
Awards
($)
Option Awards ($)
Awards
($)
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($)
Incentive Plan
Compensation
($)
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)
Deferred
Compensation
Earnings ($)
All Other Compensation ($)
Compensation
($)
Total ($)
($)
Koichi Ishizuka Chief Executive Officer, Director 2017 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Chief Executive Officer, Director
2017
Stock Option Grants
Photozou Koukoku has not granted any stock options to our executive officers since our incorporation.
Employment Agreements
Photozou Koukoku does not have an employment or consulting agreement with any officers or Directors.
Summary Compensation for Photozou Holdings, Inc.:
ozou Holdings, Inc.:
Name and principal position (a) As of November 30, (b) Salary ($) (c) Bonus ($) (d) Stock Awards ($) (e) Option Awards ($) (f) Non-equity incentive plan compensation ($) (g) Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ($) (h) All other compensation ($) (i) Total ($) (j) Koichi Ishizuka, Sole Officer and Director 2016 - - - - - - - -
As of November 30, (b)
Salary ($) (c)
Bonus ($) (d)
Stock Awards ($) (e)
Option Awards ($) (f)
Non-equity incentive plan compensation ($) (g)
Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ($) (h)
All other compensation ($) (i)
Total ($) (j)
Koichi Ishizuka, Sole Officer and Director 2016 - - - - - - - -
2016
-
Name and principal position (a) As of November 30 (b) Salary ($) (c) Bonus ($) (d) Stock Awards ($) (e) Option Awards ($) (f) Non-equity incentive plan compensation ($) (g) Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ($) (h) All other compensation ($) (i) Total ($) (j) Koichi Ishizuka, Sole Officer and Director 2017 - - - - - - - -
As of November 30 (b)
Salary ($) (c)
Bonus ($) (d)
Stock Awards ($) (e)
Option Awards ($) (f)
Non-equity incentive plan compensation ($) (g)
Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ($) (h)
All other compensation ($) (i)
Total ($) (j)
Koichi Ishizuka, Sole Officer and Director 2017 - - - - - - - -
2017
-
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS FOR PHOTOZOU KOUKOKU CO., LTD.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS FOR PHOTOZOU KOUKOKU CO., LTD.
During the period ended February 28, 2018, Photozou Koukoku borrowed $44,602 from Photozou Co., Ltd., a Company controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, CEO. During the period ended February 28, 2018, Photozou Koukoku repaid $30.937 to Photozou Co., Ltd.. The total due as of February 28, 2018 was $77,735 and is due on demand and non-interest bearing.
During the period ended February 28, 2018, the Company had account receivable of $21,277 to Offline Co., Ltd., a Company controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, CEO. The total amount as of February 28, 2018 was $21,277.
During the period ended February 28, 2018, the Company had revenue of $20,515 from Offline Co., Ltd., a Company controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, CEO.
On April 1, 2017, the Company purchased a camera trading website from Photozou Co., Ltd and recorded a historical carryover basis of zero.
Photozou Koukoku is headquartered at 4-30-4F, Yotsuya, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, 160-0004, Japan. Photozou Koukokus office space is provided rent free by our Chief Executive Officer, Koichi Ishizuka.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS FOR PHOTOZOU HOLDINGS, INC.
During the year ended November 30, 2017, our sole officer and director contributed additional paid in capital in the amount of $12,400 to fund operating expenses of which $6,050 was paid directly on behalf of the Company for the year ended November 30, 2017 operating expenses and $6,350 was paid directly on behalf of the Company for prior year accrued expenses.
As of November 30, 2017, the Company had $16,960 owed to Photozou Co., Ltd., a related party for payments paid directly to fund operations on behalf of the Company. These are due on demand and bear no interest.
As of February 28, 2018, the Company had $35,341 owed to Photozou Co., Ltd., a related party, of which $18,381 were for payments paid directly to fund operations on behalf of the Company during the period February 28, 2018. These are unsecured, due on demand and bear no interest.
The Company utilizes the office space and equipment of our management at no cost. Management estimates such amounts to be immaterial.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
From time to time, We, and our wholly owned subsidiary, Photozou Koukoku, may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business. We and or wholly owned subsidiary are not currently involved in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. We and our wholly owned subsidiary may become involved in material legal proceedings in the future.
-9-
Table of Contents
RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES
None.
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
COMMON STOCK
Photozou Holdings, Inc. is authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value.
On January 13, 2017, Thomas DeNunzio sold 8,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock, which represented all of our issued and outstanding shares at the time, to Photozou Co., Ltd., a Japan Corporation. The shares were sold for an aggregate purchase price of $100,000. Photozou Co., Ltd. is controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, a Japanese citizen. The aforementioned shares were sold pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). No directed selling efforts were made in the United States.
Pursuant to our Registration Statement deemed effective on June 20, 2017, we, "the Company," sold a total of 3,037,300 shares of our common stock. The proceeds totaled $75,933. These shares were sold pursuant to Rule 419. The monies generated from the aforementioned capital raise were to be used to attempt to make an acquisition. We did not however, make an acquisition in the allotted time granted by Rule 419 therefore, on May 8, 2018, we conducted a stock cancellation of above 3,037,300 shares and the total funds of $75,933 were returned to investors.
As of the date of this filing, the Company has 8,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value common stock issued and outstanding held by Photozou Co., Ltd., a Company owned and controlled entirely by Koichi Ishizuka, our sole officer and director.
Holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to cast one vote for each share held at all stockholders meetings for all purposes including the election of directors. The Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights.
Our sole director can not change the vote per share and or other rights of stockholders without consent.
The Company has no current plans to either issue any preferred stock or adopt any series, preferences or other classification of preferred stock.
PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS
No holder of any shares of Photozou Holdings, Inc. stock has preemptive or preferential rights to acquire or subscribe for any unissued shares of any class of stock or any unauthorized securities convertible into or carrying any right, option or warrant to subscribe for or acquire shares of any class of stock not disclosed herein.
NON-CUMULATIVE VOTING
Holders of Photozou Holdings, Inc. common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50.0% of the outstanding shares, voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in such event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any directors.
CASH DIVIDENDS
As of the date of this prospectus, Photozou Holdings, Inc. has not paid any cash dividends to stockholders. The declaration of any future cash dividend will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon earnings, if any, capital requirements and our financial position, general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. The Company does not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in business operations.
-10-
Table of Contents
