Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On June 1, 2018, Primoris Services Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Primoris), completed its previously announced acquisition of Willbros Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Willbros). Pursuant to the terms of that Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) dated as of March 27, 2018, Waco Acquisition Vehicle, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Primoris (Merger Sub), merged with and into Willbros (the Merger), with Willbros surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Primoris.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and by virtue of the Merger, each share of Willbros common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger was converted into the right to receive $0.60 in cash, without interest (the Merger Consideration), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. As also provided under the Merger Agreement, certain equity awards held by employees of Willbros were converted into cash equal to the product of (A) the number of shares of such awards and (B) the Merger Consideration, less applicable taxes required to be withheld.
The aggregate amount of the Merger Consideration was approximately $107.0 million, net of cash acquired. Primoris funded the Merger Consideration and certain costs associated with the Merger through a combination of existing cash balances and borrowings under its Revolving Credit Facility.
In connection with the Merger Agreement, Primoris provided $15.0 million in secured bridge financing to support Willbros working capital needs through May 31, 2018. Prior to closing, Willbros repaid the $15.0 million financing plus accrued interest in full.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Primoris on March 28, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.
Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.
