Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On May 16, 2018, the Company closed the acquisition of Admall Sdn. Bhd., a limited liability company incorporated in Malaysia (Admall) by way of share exchange (the Admall Acquisition). The Company effected the Admall Acquisition pursuant to the terms of that certain Share Exchange Agreement (the Admall Agreement), dated February 9, 2018, by and between the Company, Admall, and Mr. Boon Jin Patrick Tan, an individual who prior to the closing of the Admall Acquisition held 100% of the outstanding equity interests of Admall. See Exhibit 10.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 9, 2018, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a detailed description of the Admall Agreement.
2
2
At the closing of the Admall Acquisition, the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding equity interests of Admall from Mr. Tan, and the Company issued 400,000,000 shares of Common Stock to Mr. Tan, which at the time of closing represented approximately 81.47% of the Companys outstanding Common Stock (after taking account of shares issued to Mr. Yang in connection with the Tieshan Oil Acquisition). As a result, Mr. Tan became a stockholder of the Company and Admall became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Admall Acquisition qualify as a tax-free reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Subsequent to the negotiation and execution of the Admall Agreement, the Companys board appointed Mr. Tan to serve on the Companys board, and to serve as the Companys treasurer and CFO. The stockholders of the Company, by written consent dated May 16, 2018, ratified Mr. Tans appointment as director of the Company. The Company does not believe that Mr. Tans management appointment constitutes a material relationship between Mr. Tan and the Company, and there exists no material relationship between Mr. Tan and the Company, affiliates of the Company, the directors or officers of the company or any associates of the directors or officers of the Company.
Admall was incorporated in Malaysia on August 19, 2015, and engages in the business of digital advertising and education.
