Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisitions or Disposition of Assets.
Share Purchase Agreement
As previously announced, on April 4, 2018, SEACOR Capital (Asia) Limited (SEACOR Capital), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SEACOR Holdings Inc. (the Company) and the owner of 34.18% of the outstanding ordinary shares of Hawker Pacific Airservices Limited (Hawker), entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the SPA) by and among (i) SEACOR Capital, (ii) BH Global Aviation LP, an affiliate of Britton Hill Partners, the owner of the remaining outstanding ordinary shares of Hawker (BH and, together with SEACOR Capital, the Sellers), (iii) holders of all of the issued and outstanding options to purchase ordinary shares of Hawker (the Selling Optionholders), (iv) Hawker, (v) a representative of the Sellers and (vi) Eagle Enterprise, Inc. (Buyer), an affiliate of Jet Aviation. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the SPA, (a) Sellers agreed to sell to Buyer, and Buyer agreed to purchase from Sellers, all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Hawker (the Shares) and (b) the Selling Optionholders agreed to sell to Buyer, and Buyer agreed to purchase from the Selling Optionholders, all of their in-the-money vested options to purchase ordinary shares of Hawker, for an aggregate purchase price of $250.0 million in cash, subject to adjustment for cash, indebtedness and transaction expenses and a post-closing working capital adjustment. The transaction closed on April 30, 2018.
), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SEACOR Holdings Inc. (the 
Company
) and the owner of 34.18% of the outstanding ordinary shares of Hawker Pacific Airservices Limited (
), entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the 
SPA
) by and among (i) SEACOR Capital, (ii) BH Global Aviation LP, an affiliate of Britton Hill Partners, the owner of the remaining outstanding ordinary shares of Hawker (
 and, together with SEACOR Capital, the 
Sellers
), (iii) holders of all of the issued and outstanding options to purchase ordinary shares of Hawker (the 
Selling Optionholders
), (iv) Hawker, (v) a representative of the Sellers and (vi) Eagle Enterprise, Inc. (
Buyer
), an affiliate of Jet Aviation. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the SPA, (a) Sellers agreed to sell to Buyer, and Buyer agreed to purchase from Sellers, all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Hawker (the 
Shares
) and (b) the Selling Optionholders agreed to sell to Buyer, and Buyer agreed to purchase from the Selling Optionholders, all of their in-the-money vested options to purchase ordinary shares of Hawker, for an aggregate purchase price of $250.0 million in cash, subject to adjustment for cash, indebtedness and transaction expenses and a post-closing working capital adjustment. The transaction closed on April 30, 2018.
Buyer has obtained a Representations and Warranties Insurance Policy, which provides that the insurer will waive and not pursue any subrogation rights against any Seller or Selling Optionholder unless the loss (as defined in such policy) results from fraud. Pursuant to the SPA, the post-closing obligations of the Sellers in respect of any working capital adjustment or indemnification in respect of breaches of representations, warranties and pre-Closing covenants (except for claims against Sellers in the case of fraud) will not exceed approximately 1% of the aggregate purchase price.
The unaudited pro forma financial information of the Company giving effect to the transaction, and the related notes thereto, are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
