Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On June 1, 2018, Smart Sand, Inc. (the "Company"), through its wholly-owned subsidiary Quickthree Technology, LLC ("Acquisition Sub"), completed its acquisition (the "Acquisition") of substantially all of the assets (the "Assets") of Quickthree Solutions, Inc. ("Quickthree"). The Acquisition was made pursuant to a previously reported Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 8, 2018, by and among the Company, Acquisition Sub, Quickthree, and the majority shareholders of Quickthree (the "Agreement"). Quickthree is a Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada based manufacturer and distributor of portable vertical frac sand storage solutions serving the oil and gas exploration and development industry.
Company
"), through its wholly-owned subsidiary Quickthree Technology, LLC ("
Acquisition Sub
"), completed its acquisition (the "
Acquisition
") of substantially all of the assets (the "
Assets
") of Quickthree Solutions, Inc. ("
"). The Acquisition was made pursuant to a previously reported Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 8, 2018, by and among the Company, Acquisition Sub, Quickthree, and the majority shareholders of Quickthree (the "
"). Quickthree is a Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada based manufacturer and distributor of portable vertical frac sand storage solutions serving the oil and gas exploration and development industry.
The aggregate purchase price for the Assets consists of approximately $30.0 million paid at closing, subject to adjustment based upon Quickthree's closing date working capital, and up to $12.75 million in potential earn-out payments over a three-year period after closing. Payment of the earn-out is based upon the production of silos and related equipment during the earn-out period. The closing portion of the purchase price was, and the Company expects the earn-out portion of the purchase price to be, paid using both cash on hand and advances under the Company's credit facility.
The Agreement is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 14, 2018, as amended on May 18, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure
