Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Acquisition of Jefferson at Perimeter Apartments
On June 11, 2018 (the Closing Date), Steadfast Income REIT, Inc. (the Company), through SIR Jefferson, LLC (SIR Jefferson), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired from an unaffiliated third-party seller a fee simple interest in a 504-unit class B multifamily community located in the city of Dunwoody, Georgia, commonly known as Jefferson at Perimeter Apartments (the Jefferson Property). On the Closing Date, Steadfast Asset Holdings, Inc., an affiliate of the Advisor (defined below), assigned to SIR Jefferson the Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions, dated March 26, 2018, as amended, for the purchase of the Jefferson Property.
SIR Jefferson acquired the Jefferson Property for a contract purchase price of $102,800,000, exclusive of closing costs. SIR Jefferson financed the acquisition of the Jefferson Property with a combination of (1) cash proceeds from property dispositions in a tax-free exchange pursuant to Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and (2) the assumption of a loan in the aggregate principal amount of $65,000,000 (the Jefferson Loan) from Fannie Mae (the Lender), pursuant to the requirements of the Fannie Mae Adjustable Rate Mortgage, Green Execution Program, as evidenced by the Assumption and Release Agreement (the Assumption Agreement) and the First Amendment to Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement and Other Loan Documents (the Loan Amendment and together with the Assumption Agreement, the Assumption Documents). For additional information on the terms of the Jefferson Loan, see Item 2.03 below.
The Jefferson Property was constructed in 1996 and includes 12 three- and four-story residential buildings situated on an approximately 25-acre site. The Jefferson Property is comprised of 82 studio units, 106 one-bedroom units, 246 two-bedroom units and 70 three-bedroom units. The apartment homes at the Jefferson Property average 1,064 square feet with an average monthly rent of $1,356. Apartment home amenities at the Jefferson Property include fully equipped kitchens, wood plank flooring and upgraded lighting and plumbing in select units. Property amenities at the Jefferson Property include a controlled access gate, business center, fitness center, two swimming pools, childrens playground, tennis court, on-site storage, covered parking and car care center. As of June 5, 2018, the Jefferson Property was approximately 94.8% occupied.
An acquisition fee of approximately $546,000 was earned by Steadfast Income Advisor, LLC (the Advisor) in connection with the acquisition of the Jefferson Property.
The material terms of the agreements described above are qualified in their entirety by the agreements attached as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
Management of the Jefferson Property
On the Closing Date, SIR Jefferson and Steadfast Management Company, Inc. (Steadfast Management), an affiliate of the Advisor, entered into a Property Management Agreement (the Management Agreement) pursuant to which Steadfast Management serves as the exclusive manager and leasing agent of the Jefferson Property. SIR Jefferson pays Steadfast Management a monthly management fee in an amount equal to 2.5% of the Jefferson Propertys gross collections at the property for such month.
The Management Agreement has an initial term that expires on June 10, 2019, and will continue thereafter on a month-to-month basis unless either party gives 60-days prior written notice of its desire to terminate the Management Agreement. SIR Jefferson may terminate the Management Agreement at any time upon 30-days prior written notice to Steadfast Management in the event of the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad acts of Steadfast Management or any of Steadfast Managements employees. Either party may terminate the Management Agreement due to a material breach of the other partys obligations under the Management Agreement that remains uncured for 30 days after notification of such breach. In the event of a termination of the Management Agreement by SIR Jefferson without cause, SIR Jefferson will pay a termination fee to Steadfast Management equal to three months of the monthly management fee based on the average gross collections for the three months preceding the date of termination.
On the Closing Date, SIR Jefferson also entered into a Construction Management Services Agreement (the Construction Services Agreement) with Pacific Coast Land & Construction, Inc. (PCL), an affiliate of the Advisor. Pursuant to the Construction Services Agreement, PCL will provide construction management services with respect to capital improvements and revitalization to be undertaken from time to time at the Jefferson Property for which it will be paid a construction management fee in an amount equal to 6% of the total cost of the improvements and revitalization (as defined in the Construction Services Agreement). In addition to the construction management fee, if PCL provides additional staffing for an improvement or revitalization, SIR Jefferson will reimburse PCL for all costs associated with such staffing. The Construction Services Agreement may be terminated by either party with 30-days prior written notice to the other party.
The material terms of the agreements described above are qualified in their entirety by the agreements attached as Exhibits 10.4 and 10.5 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.03Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
