Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On May 24, 2018, Trinity Place Holdings Inc. (the Company), through a wholly-owned subsidiary, completed the previously announced acquisition of a newly built 105-unit, 12-story apartment building located at 237 11th Street in Park Slope, Brooklyn, New York for a purchase price of $81.0 million from an affiliate of Adam America Equities, LLC. The property also includes 6,264 square feet of retail space, a portion of which is leased to Starbucks Inc. Leasing began in August 2017 and the residential portion of the property is approximately 63% leased. Located on the border of the Park Slope and Gowanus neighborhoods of Brooklyn, the property is located one block from the 4th Avenue/9th Street subway station, and a short walk to nearby amenities such as Prospect Park and Whole Foods Market. 237 11th Street offers an array of modern amenities that surpass what is available in the neighborhoods brownstone housing stock.
The purchase price was funded through cash on hand and two-year interest-only financings with an aggregate principal amount of $67.8 million, comprised of a $52.4 million mortgage loan with Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and a $15.4 million mezzanine loan with RCG LV Debt VI REIT, LLC, bearing interest at a blended average rate of 3.72% over the 30-day LIBOR, each with a one year extension option upon satisfaction of certain conditions. The loans are non-recourse to the Company except for certain non-recourse carve-outs and carry guaranties covering among other things interest and operating expenses, and in the case of the mortgage loan, a guaranty of 25% of the principal amount, decreasing to 10% of the principal balance upon the debt yield ratio becoming equal to or greater than 7.0%. The loans are prepayable at any time in whole, and under certain circumstances in part, upon payment, in the case of the mortgage loan, of a 0.50% deferred commitment fee (unless the loan is refinanced with the mortgage lender in which case no fee is payable), and, in the case of the mezzanine loan, with no fee if prepaid after 12 months, and if prepaid prior to such date, a make-whole fee equal to the interest that would have been paid through the balance of the 12-month period.
On May 24, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing closing of the acquisition. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
