Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposal of Assets
Completion of EP Acquisition
On May 1, 2018, U.S. Silica Company, a Delaware corporation (Buyer or U.S. Silica) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc. (the Company), completed the acquisition (the Acquisition) of all of the outstanding capital stock of EP Acquisition Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (EPAP), pursuant to the terms of the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 22, 2018, by and among Buyer, EPAP, Tranquility Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Buyer, EPMC Parent LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, solely in its capacity as representative of the stockholders of EPAP, and solely for the purposes of Section 11.17 therein, Golden Gate Private Equity, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Merger Agreement). The consideration paid by the Buyer at the closing of the Agreement and Plan of Merger consisted of $750,000,000 of cash, subject to customary post-closing adjustment. A portion of the cash consideration has been deposited into escrow to support the post-closing purchase price adjustment.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement. A copy of the Merger Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018.
The Company intends to file any financial statements that may be required by Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K with respect to the Acquisition within 71 calendar days after the date that this Form 8-K was required to be filed pursuant to Item 9.01(a)(4) of Form 8-K.
Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
On May 1, 2018, the Company, through its subsidiaries, USS Holdings, Inc., as guarantor, and U.S. Silica, as borrower, and certain of U.S. Silicas subsidiaries as additional guarantors (collectively, the Loan Parties), entered into the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) with BNP Paribas, as administrative agent and the lenders named therein (the Credit Agreement). The Credit Agreement increases U.S. Silicas existing senior debt by entering into a new $1.38 billion senior secured credit facility, consisting of a $1.28 billion term loan and a $100 million revolving credit facility that may also be used for swingline loans or letters of credit, and U.S. Silica may elect to increase the term loan as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all of the assets of U.S. Silica and U.S. Silicas domestic subsidiaries and a pledge of the equity interests in such entities. The term loan matures on May 1, 2025 and the revolving credit facility commitment expires May 1, 2023.
A portion of the term loan proceeds were used to finance the Acquisition, pay fees and expenses associated with the transactions, and for general corporate purposes. The additional proceeds available from the term loan and the revolving credit facility will be available for general corporate purposes, which can be used for acquisitions, investments, dividends, and share repurchases, and for other general corporate purposes. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at variable rates as determined at U.S. Silicas election, at LIBOR or a base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin. In addition, under the Credit Agreement, U.S. Silica is required to pay a per annum facility fee and fees for letters of credit.
The Credit Agreement contains covenants that, among other things, govern the ability of the Loan Parties and their subsidiaries to create, incur or assume indebtedness and liens, to make acquisitions or investments, to pay dividends and to sell assets. The Credit Agreement also requires the Loan Parties and their subsidiaries to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio of no more than 3.75:1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter whenever usage of the revolving credit facility (other than certain undrawn letters of credit) exceeds 30% of the revolving credit facility commitment. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. The Credit Agreement includes events of default and other affirmative and negative covenants that are usual for facilities and transactions of this type.
