Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On April 3, 2018, the Company completed the previously announced sale (the "Sale") of 50% of the ownership interests in Superior to SP Investor Holdings, LLC, a holding company jointly owned by OPTrust and funds managed and/or advised by Partners Group, a global private markets investment manager ("Purchaser"), for cash consideration of $300 million. The Sale closed under the purchase and sale agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") dated March 28, 2018, by and among the Company and Purchaser. Proceeds from the sale will be used to pay down bank debt as discussed in item1.01 above; accelerate the drilling program of Units upstream subsidiary, Unit Petroleum Company; make additional capital investments in the jointly owned Superior; and for general working capital purposes.
The Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants for a transaction of this nature. The Purchase Agreement also provides for certain post-closing indemnification obligations.
Superiors operations consist of buying, selling, gathering, processing, and treating natural gas. It operates three natural gas treatment plants, 13 processing plants, 22 active gathering systems, and approximately 1,455 miles of pipeline. Superior and its subsidiaries operate in Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia.
The above description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement, which is expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018. The Agreement is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company or the parties to the Agreement.
The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made only for purposes of the Purchase Agreement as of the specific dates therein, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk among the parties to the Purchase Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Purchase Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties thereto or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of representations and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Company's public disclosures.
Item 8.01 Other Events.
