Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On April 24, 2018, U.S. Geothermal Inc. (the "Company") was acquired by Ormat Nevada Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Ormat"), pursuant to the previously-announced Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 24, 2018 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among the Company, Ormat, and OGP Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ormat ("Merger Sub"). Under the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ormat (the "Merger").
As a result of the Merger, each share of common stock, par value $0.001, of the Company ("Company Shares") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the "Effective Time") was automatically converted into the right to receive $5.45 per Company Share in cash, without interest, and subject to applicable withholding taxes (the "Merger Consideration"). The aggregate Merger Consideration is approximately $106 million, funded from Ormat's available cash. In addition, each of the options to acquire Company Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (the "Options"), as of the Effective Time, were vested, canceled and became the right to receive payment of an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration per Company Share over the applicable exercise prices of the Options (the "Designated Consideration"), without interest, and less applicable withholding taxes. The aggregate Designated Consideration is approximately $4 million, funded from the Company's available cash.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on January 25, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.
