Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously disclosed, on February 6, 2018, US VR Global.com Inc. (the Company), US VR Global Inc. (US VR Sub), each of the shareholders of US VR Sub who either executed a counterpart signature to the Share Exchange Agreement dated February 6, 2018 (the Exchange Agreement) or who executed a joinder agreement to the Exchange Agreement following the effective date of the Exchange Agreement but prior to the First Closing (as hereinafter defined) (such shareholders, the US VR Sub Shareholders), and Lai Chee Mei (Amanda) as representative of the US VR Sub Shareholders entered into the Exchange Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, (i) the Company agreed to acquire from the US VR Sub Shareholders all of the shares of common stock of US VR Sub held by such US VR Sub Shareholders in exchange for the issuance by the Company to the US VR Sub Shareholders of shares of the Companys common stock and shares of the Companys Series A preferred stock, and (ii) US VR Sub will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, at the first closing (the First Closing), each US VR Sub Shareholder agreed to exchange 51% of such US VR Sub Shareholders common stock of US VR Sub, with any partial shares resulting from such calculation being rounded to the nearest whole share, for shares of Company common stock, on the basis of one share of Company common stock for each three shares of US VR Sub common stock being exchanged at the First Closing, with any partial shares of Company common stock resulting from such calculation being rounded to the nearest whole share (the Exchange Common Shares). The First Closing occurred on February 6, 2018. As a result, at the First Closing, the US VR Sub Shareholders exchanged an aggregate of 378,000,124 shares of US VR Sub common stock, representing 51% of US VR Subs common stock, for 126,000,041 shares of Company common stock, representing 99.7% of the Companys common stock, and US VR Sub became a majority owned subsidiary of the Company.
Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, at the second closing (the Second Closing), each US VR Sub Shareholder agreed to exchange the balance of such US VR Sub Shareholders common stock of US VR Sub for shares of Company Series A preferred stock, on the basis of one share of Company Series A preferred stock for each three shares of US VR Sub common stock being exchanged at the Second Closing, with any partial shares of Series A preferred stock resulting from such calculation being rounded to the nearest whole share. (the Exchange Preferred Shares and together with the Exchange Common Shares, the Exchange Shares). The exchanges set forth above are together referred to herein as the Share Exchange. The Second Closing occurred on April 27, 2018. As a result of the Second Closing, US VR Sub became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
Also on April 27, 2018, the Company issued Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) to the US VR Sub stockholders at a 3 for 1 basis (three shares of US VR Sub stock for one share of Series A Preferred Stock). As a result, such US VR Sub stockholders hold 121,058,863 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, or a total of 100% of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock.
