Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
THE MERGER AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Merger Agreement
On April 25, 2018, WestMountain Alternative Energy, Inc., Acquisition Sub and C-Bond entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, or the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on April 25, 2018, or the Closing Date, the Acquisition Sub merged with and into C-Bond, which was the surviving corporation and thus became our wholly-owned subsidiary. The Merger was effective as of April 26, 2018, upon the filing of a Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Texas.
Pursuant to the Merger, we acquired the business of C-Bond. C-Bond is engaged in the implementation of proprietary nanotechnology applications and processes to enhance properties of strength, functionality and sustainability within brittle material systems with a strong focus in the glass industry. See "Description of Business" below. At the time a certificate of merger reflecting the Merger was filed with the Secretary of State of Texas, or the Effective Time, all of the outstanding common units of C-Bond ("Common Units") that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were converted into an aggregate of 63,505,787 shares of our common stock. As a result, each common unit of C-Bond was converted into approximately 3.23 shares of our common stock (the "Conversion Ratio").
In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each option to purchase Common Units, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger was assumed and converted into an option to purchase an equivalent number of shares of our common stock and the exercise price of each such option was divided by the Conversion Ratio. As a result, a total of 14,494,213 options were issued. See "Description of SecuritiesOptions" below for more information. The issuance of shares of our common stock, or options to purchase our common stock, to holders of C-Bond's Common Units and options, are collectively referred to as the Unit Conversion.
The Merger Agreement contained customary representations and warranties and pre- and post-closing covenants of each party and customary closing conditions.
The Merger was treated as a reverse merger and recapitalization of C-Bond for financial reporting purposes. C-Bond is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes, and our historical financial statements before the Merger will be replaced with the historical financial statements of C-Bond before the Merger in future filings with the SEC. The Merger is intended to be treated as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
The issuance of shares of our common stock, and options to purchase our common stock, to holders of C-Bond's Common Units and options in connection with the Merger was not registered under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, which exempts transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering, and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC. These securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirement and are subject to further contractual restrictions on transfer as described below.
- 5 -
The Offering
Contemporaneously with the closing of the Merger, we sold 3,100,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to a private placement at a purchase price of $0.40 per share, or the Offering Price to BOCO Investments, LLC, Mark Cline, Jeff Badders, John Rudisill and Koshy Alexander, pursuant to subscription agreements. The private placement is referred to herein as the Offering.
The aggregate gross proceeds from the Offering were $1.24 million. No material expenses were incurred in connection with the Offering. The Offering was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC. The common stock in the Offering was sold only to "accredited investors," as defined in Regulation D. The closing of the Offering was conditioned on the closing of the Merger.
Lock-up Agreements
In connection with and contemporaneously with the Merger, our officers, Scott Silverman and Vince Pugliese entered into lock-up agreements with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed not to sell any of their shares of our common stock for one year after completion of the Merger.
entered into lock-up agreements with the Company, pursuant to which they
.
OTC Quotation
Our common stock is currently not listed on a national securities exchange or any other exchange. However, it is currently quoted on the OTC Pink marketplace on a limited basis under the trading symbol "WETM". However, we cannot assure you that our common stock will continue to be quoted on the OTC Markets or quoted or listed on any other market or exchange or that an active trading market for our common stock will develop. See "Risk FactorsOur common stock may not be eligible for listing or quotation on any securities exchange."
- 6 -
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
C-Bond is a Texas-based limited liability company that was formed in 2013, headquartered in Houston, Texas and the sole owner of the patented, proprietary, nanotechnology, which we call our C-Bond technology. C-Bond currently sells its technology primarily to the glass industry. C-Bond's product, called C-Bond, is a patented nanotechnology designed to significantly increase the strength of glass, enhance glass flexibility and improve the structural integrity of glass. The product is scalable across various target segments and industry verticals. To date, C-Bond has focused on automotive glass and windshields and architectural glass. In the future, other glass segments such as electronics, including display glass, and glass packaging, including bottles, may be targeted, but we have not entered these markets yet.
Technology Overview
C-Bond is a materials development company. The C-Bond technology provides strength and improved functional performance to brittle materials. Currently focused on the glass industry, the C-Bond technology enables ordinary glass to dissipate energy by permeating the glass surface and detecting microscopic flaws and defects that are randomly distributed all over the glass surface. C-Bond's unique qualities then work to locate and repair the identified surface imperfections that weaken the glass composite structure and ultimately act as failure initiators. The C-Bond formula is engineered to maintain original glass design integrity while increasing the mechanical performance of the glass.
Product and Service Offerings
C-Bond current products are patented, low-cost technologies that significantly increase the mechanical performance of glass. We have implemented the following product structure integrating a "new strategic product platform" that has enhanced performance capabilities and market reach with a legacy product platform that is still generating incremental revenue and earnings.
New Products Platform
C-Bond Transportation Windshield Performance Solution.
C-Bond NanoShield is a patented nanotechnology windshield glass strengthening and hydrophobic (water repellant) all in one performance system. It is designed to improve windshield safety and performance by increasing windshield chip and crack resistance and improving windshield visibility in wet weather conditions providing extended driver reaction time.
C-Bond NanoShield is unique in the market. The product has no direct competitors. It is creating new markets and channels in the aftermarket automotive windshield segment.
Legacy Product Platform
C-Bond I Glass Strengthening Primer and Window Film Mounting Solution.
C-Bond I, is a patented non-toxic, water-based nanotechnology solution designed to significantly increase the strength of glass and improve the performance properties of window film-to-glass products. C-Bond improves the performance of window film-to-glass products by reducing glass breakage from impact and stress environments and also fills the capillary voids on the glass surface preventing the trapping of moisture and impurities that impede cure time and adhesion between the glass and any succeeding window film product. This is important when glass does break, no large shards/pieces will escape the immediate area of the glass surface resulting in serious laceration and/or personal injury. C-Bond I has been tested against untreated glass by third party laboratories and shown to outperform untreated glass.
- 7 -
C-Bond I faces market competition from basic soap and water products (such as baby shampoo and dishwashing soap) as the recognized industry standard window film application solution, which we believe provides no structural benefits and is designed to wash hair and dishes. C-Bond I increases overall glass strength and improves window film product performance and can be used in conjunction with any manufacturer's film product.
C-Bond II Ballistic Resistant Film System
C-Bond II, is a patented nanotechnology Ballistic Resistant Film System that increases the structural integrity of glass and has been validated by third party laboratories to provide National Institute of Justice (NIJ) Level I, Level II and Underwriter Laboratories (UL) 752 ballistic resistant protection. The system is a combination glass thickness, the C-Bond solution that reinforces the structural integrity of the glass and a private label film product to provide ballistic resistance.
This product is targeted to police, fire, emergency services, schools, airports, mass transit and government buildings due to the utility of ballistic resistant glass protection in their respective fields. The C-Bond II system seeks to combine simplicity and affordability with a unique one way capability (the ability to shoot-out but prevent shooting in) ballistic protection as compared to other more costly ballistic resistant material (polycarbonate and glass laminate) products.
Commercial Market Strategy
C-Bond utilizes a distributor model to reach potential customers. This approach takes advantage of existing resources and facilitates relationships between C-Bond and its enterprise partner in order to leverage their collective strengths. C-Bond requires industry partners to generate economic growth, support commercialization activities, provide more developed business networks, knowledge of and access to supply and demand channels, and supplement limited financial resources. We and our industrial partners work together to determine scalability, adaptability, affordability, usability and intellectual property. From a business perspective, the long term scope and strategic benefits of our plug and play business strategy is to be able to carry out business on a global basis at a lower cost and becoming better informed and more adaptive to changing market conditions, which is dependent on securing these relationship.
C-Bond Authorized Distributor Network
On April 1, 2016, C-Bond officially launched its Authorized Distributor Program focused on channeling distribution agreements with industry specific business-to-business and original equipment manufacturing customers to develop a global distribution network. This program aims to partner with high quality distributors that can grow revenues and margins. Our present distribution channels span the United States from Florida to Hawaii and consists of 56 distribution channels including international sales in Brazil, Columbia, United Kingdom, Netherlands and Canada.
Suppliers
Currently, C-Bond relies on one main supplier for our window film and one main supplier for our chemicals. However, we believe that, if necessary, alternate suppliers could be found without material disruption to our business.
Intellectual Property
To date, C-Bond has filed, licensed and/or acquired a total of 22 individual patents and patent applications spanning core and strategic nano-technology applications and processes. We intend to continue to expand our patent coverage. Our focus on remains building a patent portfolio that protects our core intellectual property and delivers shareholder value.
- 8 -
C-Bond owns five provisional United States patents and licenses five United States patents and 12 foreign patents on a non-exclusive basis from William Marsh Rice University ("Rice University") with claims directed toward various aspects of our current products and products under development including the use of nanotechnology for glass strengthening and the processes and composition of our products.
Pursuant to an agreement dated April 8, 2016, between C-Bond and Rice University, Rice University has granted a non-exclusive license to C-Bond, in nanotube-based surface treatment for strengthening glass and related materials under Rice's intellectual property rights, to use, make, distribute, offer and sell the licensed products specified in the agreement. In consideration for which, C-Bond had to pay a one-time non-refundable license fee of $10,000 and royalty payments of 5% of net sales of the licensed products during the term of the agreement and a sell-off period of 180 days from termination. In addition, C-Bond is required to pay for the maintenance of the patents. This agreement will continue until the expiration of the last to expire of the licensed property rights, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the agreement.
The "C-Bond" names and logos are registered trademarks issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
Research and Development
C-Bond incurred research and development costs of $220,517 in calendar year 2016 and $214,112 in calendar year 2017. These costs were incurred to continue to upgrade C-Bond products.
Competition
C-Bond Nanoshield Windshield Performance System
C-Bond believes it has no direct competition in the windshield glass strengthening space.
C-Bond NanoShield also provides a complimentary hydrophobic or water repellant quality. There are competitors in this space, including Rain-X, AquaPel, and Diamond Fusion. We believe these products do not provide chip or crack resistance and have hydrophobic properties that degrade sooner than C-Bond NanoShield. Accordingly, management believes there is no product that is truly comparable to C-Bond NanoShield currently on the market. We had the performance of C-Bond NanoShield verified at our request, based on a modified chip test for paint on metal parts, SAEJ 400, to provide windshield glass chip protection when compared to untreated glass.
C-Bond I Glass Strengthening Primer and Window Film Mounting Solution
C-Bond I faces competition from alternative window film mounting products in the market; however, all these products have similar ingredients to mix with soap and water, which we believe provides no structural benefit. These solutions are used to provide a window film installer the ability to slip or move the film on the surface to which it is applied. The industry standard solution most commonly used to apply window film products to glass is a mixture containing commonly available baby shampoo or dishwashing soap and water that we believe has the following negative attributes: provides no structural benefits, often bubbles or yellows and scatters light, can only be applied within a limited temperature range, and may require 30 to 120 days of "dry" time to set completely depending on the film thickness. C-Bond-I provides the same slip properties while also strengthening the glass and improving film adhesion.
- 9 -
C-Bond II Ballistic Resistant Film System
C-Bond II faces competition from alternative bullet proof glass products in the market. Alternative bullet proof solutions use a polycarbonate or glass laminate material that are expensive, thick, heavy, often require reframing in retrofit of existing structure, which often requiring revised building codes, and that yellow and discolor over time. These alternative solutions are often cost prohibitive to cost sensitive customers such as educational and municipal facilities. The C-Bond Ballistic Resistant Systems allows for increased safety and security at affordable costs. Most importantly, it provides a deterrent to an intruder and valuable time to secure the facility.
Employees
We currently have a total of 8 full time employees.
Facilities
C-Bond's corporate headquarters and manufacturing facility is located in a 8,200 square foot facility in Houston, Texas at 6035 South Loop East, Houston. The lease on the Houston facility expires November 30, 2018.
- 10 -
RISK FACTORS
Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information set forth in this Current Report on Form 8-K, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below when considering an investment in our Common Stock. If any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer significantly. As a result, you could lose some or all of your investment in our Common Stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business.
C-Bond has incurred substantial losses to date, may continue to incur losses in the future, and we may never achieve or sustain profitability.
Our operating company, C-Bond has incurred substantial net losses since its inception, including net losses of $5,872,268 and $8,299,692 for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017, respectively, and these losses may continue. As of December 31, 2017, we had an accumulated deficit of $22,854,556. We expect to incur additional costs and expenses related to the continued development and expansion of our business, including research and development operations and the commercialization of our C-Bond technologies. Our ability to achieve profitability depends on our success in increasing industry acceptance of our technologies and products. We may never achieve profitability.
Our ability to continue as a going concern will require us to obtain additional financing to fund our current operations, which may be unavailable on attractive terms, if at all.
As of December 31, 2017, our recurring operating losses, cash used in operations and our current operating plans raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern will require us to obtain additional financing to fund our current operating plans. We believe that the net proceeds from the Offering and our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our current operating plans for the next twelve months. We have based these estimates, however, on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could spend our available financial resources much faster than we currently expect and need to raise additional funds sooner than we anticipate. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and therapeutic candidate development programs or commercialization efforts.
Our future revenues are very difficult to predict with any accuracy.
We are an early stage company. That makes predicting the timing or the amount of revenues that we will receive from the sale, or license, of our products very difficult. Any delay in the development and acceptance of one or more of our products, could result in significant delays in the realization of revenues, the need to raise additional capital through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities sooner than we intend, and may allow competitors to reach certain of such markets with products before we do. In view of the emerging nature of the technology involved in certain of these markets, and the attendant uncertainty as to whether our products will achieve meaningful commercial acceptance, if at all, there can be no assurance that we will realize revenues sufficient to achieve profitability.
Our intellectual property is subject to patents and exclusive license agreements that may expire or change.
We rely on U.S. patents to protect our propriety products that form the core of our revenue potential. These patents are subject to standard patent expiration terms. Upon expiration of our patents we will no longer be able to prevent our competitors from developing similar products to ours. Additionally we rely on exclusive license agreements to use certain technologies. The terms of the exclusive license agreements may change upon expiration of their current terms. We may not be able to renew or extend our current licenses, or they may become non-exclusive licensees. The inability to maintain our exclusive licenses agreements would have a significant impact on our potential future revenues.
- 11 -
If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, our competitive position and results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Protecting our intellectual property is critical to our innovation efforts. We own patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and/or other intellectual property rights related to many of our products, and also have exclusive and non-exclusive license rights under intellectual property owned by others. Our intellectual property rights may be challenged or infringed upon by third parties, particularly in countries where property rights are not highly developed or protected, or we may be unable to maintain, renew or enter into new license agreements with third-party owners of intellectual property on reasonable terms. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights or inability to preserve existing intellectual property rights could adversely impact our competitive position and results of operations.
We are dependent on key personnel, and our ability to grow and compete in our industry will be harmed if we do not retain the continued services of our key personnel, or we fail to identify, hire, and retain additional qualified personnel.
Our success depends on the efforts of our senior management team and other key personnel. The loss of services of members of our senior management team could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we expect to grow our operations, it will be necessary for us to attract and retain additional qualified personnel. If we are unable to attract or retain qualified personnel as needed, the growth of our operations could be slowed or hampered.
Potential adverse outcomes in legal proceedings may adversely affect results.
Our business exposes us to product liability claims that are inherent in the design, manufacture and sale of our products and the products of suppliers. We may not be able to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or our insurance may not provide adequate protection against actual losses. In addition, we are subject to the risk that one or more of our insurers may become insolvent and become unable to pay claims that may be made in the future. Even if we maintain adequate insurance, claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and on our ability to obtain suitable, adequate or cost-effective insurance in the future.
If we are unable to successfully introduce new products, our future growth may be adversely affected.
Our ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect our competitive position and requires the investment of significant time and resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development, production or commercialization of new products and services may reduce future revenues and adversely affect our competitive position. If we are unable to create sustainable product differentiation, our organic growth may be adversely affected.
Research and development for continued growth of our IP portfolio and product offering is expensive, and we may not have sufficient funds to continue research and develop activities and may not be able to acquire additional funding.
Our ability to continue our research and development activities to improve and expand our products and service offerings requires extensive amounts of funding. We may not be able to obtain the necessary funding on attractive terms and in a timely basis to continue our research and development activities, which would cause our research and development activities to be delayed, reduced or terminated. Delaying, reducing or terminating our research activities would impede our estimated growth and results of operations.
- 12 -
We rely heavily on collaborative partners such as distributors, manufacturers and vendors and our relationships with such parties may restrict or limit our business operations.
We are currently working with several third party entities in the validation, optimization, and distribution of our products. Our current and future collaborations and joint ventures are important as they allow greater access to funds, to research, development and testing resources, validation, and to manufacturing, sales and distribution resources that we would otherwise not have. We intend to continue to significantly rely on such collaborative and joint venture arrangements. Some of the risks and uncertainties related to the reliance on such collaborations and joint ventures include the fact that such relationships could actually serve to limit or restrict us, while our partners are free to pursue other products either on their own or with others. Further, our partners may terminate a collaborative technology relationship and such termination may require us to seek other partners, or expend substantial resources to pursue these activities independently.
We rely primarily on a third-party distribution model for our products and the number and quality of distributors can vary and may impact our revenues.
We rely on numerous third-party distributors for the distribution of our products. While we believe that alternative suppliers could be located if required, our product sales could be affected if any of these distributors do not continue to distribute our products in required quantities or at all, or with the required levels of quality. In addition, difficulties encountered by these distributors, such as fire, accident, natural disasters, or political unrest, could halt or disrupt distributions, resulting in delay or cancellation of orders. Any of these events could result in delayed deliveries by us of our products, causing reduced sales and harm to our reputation and brand name.
We only have one manufacturing facility.
We manufacture all of our products at our Houston, Texas facility. In the event of a fire, flood, tornado, hurricane or other form of a catastrophic event, we may be unable to fulfill any then-existing demand for our products, possibly for a prolonged period, depending upon the severity of the event. As a result, should a catastrophic event occur, our financial condition and results of operation would be materially adversely affected.
Additionally, our lease on our Houston, Texas facility expires on November 30, 2018. There is no guarantee that we will be able to negotiate a favorable lease renewal or extension. If we are not able to renew or extend our lease on the Houston, Texas facility we may have to move our corporate headquarters and manufacturing facility. Doing so could cause us to incur significant expenses and could delay or reduce our ability to manufacture our products for some time. Our financial condition and results of operation could be materially adversely affected by any such move.
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management's attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified members of the board of directors.
As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the OTC and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations requires significant legal and financial compliance costs, makes some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increases demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management's attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future to comply with these regulatory requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses.
- 13 -
In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management's time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed.
We also expect that being a public company with these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members for our board of directors, particularly to serve any committees, and qualified executive officers.
As a result of disclosure of information in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and operating results could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business and operating results.
We may not reach sufficient size to justify our public reporting status. If we were forced to become a private company following the Merger, then our stockholders may lose their ability to sell their shares and there would be substantial costs associated with becoming a private company.
We will be obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting.
We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. We may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls, when required, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would cause the price of our common stock to decline.
Risks Related to the Glass Strengthening and Water Repellant Industries
We may face competition from companies that have substantially greater capital resources, research and development, manufacturing and marketing resources.
While we believe that we have significant competitive benefits offered by our proprietary products, there are competitors with much longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. As we grow and become successful with our products, we expect these competitors to increase the resources they dedicate to our market. Such competition could materially adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition.
- 14 -
We may face increased pricing pressures from current and future competitors and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that competitive pressures will not require us to reduce our prices.
It is likely that we will experience significant competitive pressure over time. Accordingly, the use and pricing of our products may decline as the market becomes more competitive. Any material reduction in the price of our products will negatively affect our gross margin and results of operations.
Risks Related to our Common Stock
Penny stock regulations may impose certain restrictions on marketability of our securities.
Our common stock is subject to penny stock rules, which may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock or affect their ability to sell our securities. As a result, purchasers and current holders of our securities could find it more difficult to sell their securities. Our stock is traded on the Over-the-Counter Markets, specifically the OTC Pink (the "OTC Pink"). Trading volume of OTC Pink stocks have been historically lower and more volatile then stocks traded on an exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market. In addition, we may be subject to rules of the SEC that impose additional requirements on broker-dealers when selling penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. In general, an accredited investor is a person with net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000 individually, or $300,000 together with his or her spouse. The relevant SEC regulations generally define penny stocks to include any equity security not traded on an exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market with a market price (as defined in the regulations) of less than $5 per share. Under the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination as to the purchaser and must have the purchaser's prior written consent to the transaction. Prior to any transaction in a penny stock covered by these rules, a broker-dealer must deliver a disclosure schedule about the penny stock market prepared by the SEC. Broker-dealers must also make disclosure concerning commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and any registered representative and provide current quotations for the securities. Finally, broker-dealers are required to send monthly statements disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in an account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.
If the SEC deems us to be a "shell company" our stock will be subject to additional restrictions on transfer.
Rule 144(i)(1) prohibits the use of the rule for sales of restricted stock and stock held by affiliates into the public market if the issuing company is now or ever has been a "shell company", unless the requirements of Rule 144(i)(2) are satisfied. Rule 144(i)(1) defines a shell company as a company that is now or at any time previously has been an issuer, that has: (A) no or nominal operations; and (B) either: (1) no or nominal assets; (2) assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or (3) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. Rule 144(i)(2) does permit the use of Rule 144 by stockholders of an issuing company that has previously been but is not now a shell company if the issuing company that has been filing reports with the SEC for one year that contain information about its current operating business activities (not including shell company activities) and it is current in its reporting obligations at the time of the proposed sale in reliance on Rule 144. That means that if the SEC deems the Company to have been a shell company, then one year after the date of this Report, if we are then still current in our SEC filings, our stockholders may begin to rely on Rule 144 for resales of their shares of our common stock. If the SEC does not deem the Company to have been a shell company, then our stockholders will be able to rely on Rule 144 for resales of their shares of our common stock six months after the date of this Report if we continue to make all of our required SEC filings.
You may find it difficult to sell our common stock.
As mentioned above, there has been a limited trading market in our common stock. We cannot assure you that an active trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. Regardless of whether an active and liquid public market exists, negative fluctuations in our actual or anticipated operating results will likely cause the market price of our common stock to fall, making it more difficult for you to sell our common stock at a favorable price, or at all.
- 15 -
We intend to issue additional equity and stock options to employees and consultants as compensation in the future, which will result in dilution to existing and new investors.
In the future, we will provide additional equity based compensation to our employees, officers, directors, consultants and independent contractors through an equity incentive plan. Our equity incentive plan will likely permit the award of options to purchase shares of common stock and the issuance of restricted shares of our common stock. Because stock options granted under the plan will generally only be exercised when the exercise price for such option is below the then market value of the common stock, the exercise of such options or the issuance of shares will cause dilution to the book value per share of our common stock and to existing and new investors.
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by our existing stockholders could cause our stock price to fall.
We have not entered into lock-up agreements with many of our existing shareholders. As a result, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock.
Our stock price is likely to be volatile.
There is generally significant volatility in the market prices and limited liquidity of securities of companies at our stage. Contributing to this volatility are various events that can affect our stock price in a positive or negative manner. These events include, but are not limited to: governmental regulations or actions; market acceptance and sales growth of our products; litigation involving our industry; developments or disputes concerning our patents or other proprietary rights; departure of key personnel; future sales of our securities; fluctuations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; investors' general perception of us; announcements by us of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments, and general economic, industry and market conditions. If any of these events occur, it could cause our stock price to fall.
The price of our common stock may be adversely affected by the future issuance and sale of shares of our common stock or other equity securities.
We cannot predict the size of future issuances or sales of our common stock or other equity securities future acquisitions or capital raising activities, or the effect, if any, that such issuances or sales may have on the market price of our common stock. The issuance and sale of substantial amounts of common stock or other equity securities or announcement that such issuances and sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Any decline in the price of our common stock may encourage short sales, which could place further downward pressure on the price of our common stock and may impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities.
Our reduced stock price may adversely affect our liquidity.
Our common stock has limited trading history. Many market makers are reluctant to make a market in stock with a trading price of less than $5.00 per share, as well as shares quoted on the OTC Pink. To the extent that we have fewer market makers for our common stock, our volume and liquidity will likely decline, which could further depress our stock price.
We have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future, and any return on investment may be limited to the value of your stock.
We have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and any return on investment may be limited to the value of your stock. We plan to retain any future earnings to finance growth.
- 16 -
Colorado law and our Articles of Incorporation protect our directors from certain types of lawsuits, which could make it difficult for us to recover damages from them in the event of a lawsuit.
Colorado law provides that our directors will not be liable to our company or to our stockholders for monetary damages for all but certain types of conduct as directors. Our Articles of Incorporation require us to indemnify our directors and officers against all damages incurred in connection with our business to the fullest extent provided or allowed by law. The exculpation provisions may have the effect of preventing stockholders from recovering damages against our directors caused by their negligence, poor judgment or other circumstances. The indemnification provisions may require our company to use our assets to defend our directors and officers against claims, including claims arising out of their negligence, poor judgment or other circumstances.
Colorado law provides that our directors will not be liable to our company or to our stockholders for monetary damages for all but certain types of conduct as directors. Our Articles of Incorporation require us to indemnify our directors and officers against all damages incurred in connection with our business to the fullest extent provided or allowed by law. The exculpation provisions may have the effect of preventing stockholders from recovering damages against our directors caused by their negligence, poor judgment or other circumstances. The indemnification provisions may require our company to use our assets to defend our directors and officers against claims, including claims arising out of their negligence, poor judgment or other circumstances.
Additional risks may exist since we became public through a "reverse merger."
Because we became public by means of a "reverse merger," we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide coverage of us since there is little incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock. We cannot assure you that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on our behalf in the future.
- 17 -
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included in this Current Report on Form 8-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading "Forward-Looking Statements" elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 8-K. You should review the disclosure under the heading "Risk Factors" in this Current Report on Form 8-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.
On April 25, 2018, our wholly-owned subsidiary, WETM Acquisition Corp., a corporation formed in the State of Colorado on April 18, 2018, (the "Acquisition Sub"), merged with and into C-Bond Systems, LLC, a privately held Texas limited liability company ("C-Bond"). Pursuant to this transaction (the "Merger"), C-Bond was the surviving corporation and became our wholly-owned subsidiary. All of the outstanding membership interests of C-Bond were converted into shares of our common stock, as described in more detail below. We plan to change the name of the Company to C-Bond Systems, Inc. or something similar containing the C-Bond name in the near future, subject to shareholder approval.
As a result of the Merger, we acquired the business of C-Bond and will continue the existing business operations of C-Bond as a publicly-traded company under the name WestMountain Alternative Energy, Inc., until such time as that name is changed. In accordance with "reverse merger" or "reverse acquisition" accounting treatment, our historical financial statements as of period ends, and for periods ended, prior to the Merger will be replaced with the historical financial statements of C-Bond prior to the Merger, in all future filings with the SEC. As the result of the Merger and the change in our business and operations, a discussion of the past financial results of WestMountain Alternative Energy, Inc., is not pertinent, and under applicable accounting principles the historical financial results of C-Bond, the accounting acquirer, prior to the Merger are considered the historical financial results of our company.
Recent Developments
Reverse Merger
On April 25, 2018, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Acquisition Sub merged with and into C-Bond, with C-Bond remaining as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned operating subsidiary of our Company. The Merger was effective as of April 26, 2018, upon the filing of a Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Texas.
At the time a certificate of merger reflecting the Merger was filed with the Secretary of State of Texas, or the Effective Time, all of the outstanding Common Units of C-Bond that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were converted into an aggregate of 63,505,787 shares of our common stock. As a result, each common unit of C-Bond was converted into approximately 3.23 shares of our common stock.
In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each option to purchase Common Units issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger was assumed and converted into an option to purchase an equivalent number of shares of our common stock and the exercise price of each such option was divided by the Conversion Ratio of 3.23. As a result, a total of 14,494,213 options were issued.
C-Bond is considered the accounting acquirer in the Merger and will account for the transaction as a recapitalization transaction because C-Bond's former stockholders received substantially all of the voting rights in the combined entity and C-Bond's senior management represents all of the senior management of the combined entity.
- 18 -
The following discussion highlights C-Bond's results of operations and the principal factors that have affected our financial condition as well as our liquidity and capital resources for the periods described, and provides information that management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the statements of financial condition and results of operations presented herein. The following discussion and analysis are based on C-Bond's audited financial statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, which we have prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. You should read the discussion and analysis together with such financial statements and the related notes thereto.
Private Placement
Concurrently with the closing of the Merger, we sold 3,100,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to a private placement for a purchase price of $0.40 per share, or the Offering Price.
Operating Overview
C-Bond is a limited liability company incorporated in Texas on August 7, 2013 and is a nanotechnology company and sole owner, developer and manufacturer of the patented C-Bond technology. C-Bond is engaged in the implementation of proprietary nanotechnology applications and processes to enhance properties of strength, functionality and sustainability of brittle material systems. C-Bond presently has a primary focus in the multi-billion dollar glass and window film industry with target markets in the United States and internationally. The C-Bond technology enables ordinary glass to dissipate energy by permeating the glass surface and detecting microscopic flaws and defects that are randomly distributed all over the glass surface. C-Bond's unique qualities then work to locate and repair the identified surface imperfections that weaken the glass composite structure and ultimately act as failure initiators. The C-Bond formula is engineered to maintain original glass design integrity while increasing the mechanical performance properties of the glass unit.
Revenue is generated by the sale of products through distributors and directly to authorized dealers. C-Bond NanoShield sales are generated through large distribution channels. Sales of C-Bond I are made to authorized window film dealers who offer the product as an upsell during installation. The C-Bond II ballistic resistant system is sold on a project basis. The C-Bond II system is specified into project plans providing authorized dealers a competitive advantage.
Product sales are recognized when the product is shipped to the customer and title is transferred and are recorded net of any discounts or allowances.
C-Bond anticipates continued loses requiring either revenue generation to achieve sustained profitability or obtaining additional financial resources to maintain operations as well as research and development into product performance and new product verticals.
Critical Accounting Policies
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our audited financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management continually evaluates such estimates, including those related to estimates for allowance for doubtful accounts on accounts receivable, the estimates for obsolete inventory, the useful life of property and equipment, assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-term assets, the fair value of a beneficial conversion feature, and the fair value of non-cash equity transactions. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Any future changes to these estimates and assumptions could cause a material change to our reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management believes the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements.
- 19 -
Accounts receivable
The Company recognizes an allowance for losses on accounts receivable in an amount equal to the estimated probable losses net of recoveries. The allowance is based on an analysis of historical bad debt experience, current receivables aging, and expected future write-offs, as well as an assessment of specific identifiable customer accounts considered at risk or uncollectible. The expense associated with the allowance for doubtful accounts is recognized as general and administrative expense.
Inventory
Inventory, consisting of raw materials and finished goods, are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value utilizing the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. A reserve is established when management determines that certain inventories may not be saleable. If inventory costs exceed expected net realizable value due to obsolescence or quantities in excess of expected demand, the Company will record reserves for the difference between the cost and the net realizable value. These reserves are recorded based on estimates and included in cost of sales.
Revenue recognition
The Company sells its products primarily to distributors and authorized dealers. Pursuant to the guidance of ASC Topic 605, the Company recognizes sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been provided, the purchase price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Product sales are recognized when the product is shipped to the customer and title is transferred and are recorded net of any discounts or allowances.
Stock-based compensation
Stock-based compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of ASC 718  "Compensation Stock Compensation", which requires recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments over the period the employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively, the vesting period). The ASC also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The Company utilizes the Black-Sholes option pricing model and uses the simplified method to determine expected term because of lack of sufficient exercise history. Additionally, effective January 1, 2017, the Company adopted the Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09 ("ASU 2016-09"), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09 permits the election of an accounting policy for forfeitures of share-based payment awards, either to recognize forfeitures as they occur or estimate forfeitures over the vesting period of the award. The Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur and the cumulative impact of this change did not have any effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
Pursuant to ASC 505-50  "Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees", all share-based payments to non-employees, including grants of stock options, are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as compensation expense over the service period of the consulting arrangement or until performance conditions are expected to be met. Using a Black-Scholes valuation model, the Company periodically reassessed the fair value of non-employee options until service conditions are met, which generally aligns with the vesting period of the options, and the Company adjusted the expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements accordingly.
Upon exercise of the stock options by the holder using the exercise methods delineated in the option contract, the Company issues new units from its unissued authorized units.
- 20 -
Results of Operations
The following comparative analysis on results of operations was based primarily on the comparative consolidated financial statements, footnotes and related information for the periods identified below and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, which are included elsewhere in this Form 8-K. The results discussed below are for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.
Comparison of Results of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016
Sales
For the year ended December 31, 2017, sales amounted to $405,417 as compared to $723,612 for the year ended December 31, 2016, a decrease of $318,195, or 44.0%. The decrease in sales was attributable to a shift in focus to the automotive product line and a reduction in ballistic system projects. Historically, C-Bond has generated revenue from product sales. Beginning in January 2017, C-Bond implemented a multiple product structure consisting of the glass strengthening technology platform with enhancements to address specific product verticals. This methodology produced the launch of C-Bond NanoShield in the fourth quarter of 2017 with the continued revenues from C-Bond I for window film and C-Bond II Ballistic Resistant products. The Company use multiple sales channels, including distributors and direct to authorized dealers to generate revenues.
Cost of Goods Sold
Cost of goods sold is comprised primarily of inventory sold, packaging costs, and warranty costs. For the year ended December 31, 2017, cost of sales amounted to $70,048 as compared to $246,232 for the year ended December 31, 2016, a decrease of $176,184, or 71.6%, which was primarily due to the reduction in sales mentioned above.
Gross Profit
For the year ended December 31, 2017, gross profit amounted to $335,369, or 82.7% of revenue, as compared to $477,380, or 66.0% of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2016, a decrease of $142,011, or 29.7%. The decrease in gross profit percentage was attributable to reduced inventory film cost due to the reduction in ballistic system projects.
Operating Expenses
For the year ended December 31, 2017, operating expenses amounted to $8,627,052 as compared to $6,349,648 for the year ended December 31, 2016, an increase of $2,277,404, or 35.9%. For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, operating expenses consisted of the following:
Years ended December 31, 2017 2016 Compensation and related benefits, including stock based compensation charges $ 7,852,965 $ 5,426,568 Research and development 214,112 220,517 Professional fees 131,022 132,779 General and administrative expenses 428,953 569,784 Total $ 8,627,052 $ 6,349,648
Years ended December 31,
2017 2016
2017
2016
Compensation and related benefits, including stock based compensation charges $ 7,852,965 $ 5,426,568
$
7,852,965
$
5,426,568
Research and development 214,112 220,517
214,112
220,517
Professional fees 131,022 132,779
131,022
132,779
General and administrative expenses 428,953 569,784
428,953
569,784
Total $ 8,627,052 $ 6,349,648
$
8,627,052
$
6,349,648
- 21 -
Compensation and related benefits
For the year ended December 31, 2017, compensation and related benefits increased by $2,426,397, or 44.7%, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, stock-based compensation related to the accretion of stock-option expense and other stock-based compensation amounted to $6,772,752 and $4,365,964, respectively, an increase of $2,406,788.
Research and Development
Research and development expenses consist primarily of contracted development services, third party testing laboratories and allocated overhead expenses. We believe continued investment is important to attaining our strategic objectives and expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future. For the year ended December 31, 2017, research and development expense decreased by $6,405, or 2.9%, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2016.
Professional Fees
For the year ended December 31, 2017, professional fees decreased by $1,757, or 1.3%, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2016.
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of rent, insurance, depreciation expense, sale and marketing, delivery and freight, travel and entertainment, and other office expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2017, general and administrative expenses decreased by $140,831, or 24.7%, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease was a primarily attributable to a decrease in bad debt expense of approximately $54,700, a decrease in advertising expense of approximately $78,900. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase due to the anticipated growth of our business.
Other Expense
For the year ended December 31, 2017, we incurred interest expense of $8,009 as compared to $0 for the year ended December 321, 216.
Net Loss
For the year ended December 31, 2017, net loss amounted to $8,299,692, or $0.59 per member unit (basic and diluted), as compared to $5,872,268, or $0.43 per member unit (basic and diluted), for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in net loss was primarily attributable to the decrease in sales due to the shift in product line focus.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Liquidity is the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. We had cash of $46,448 and $596,910 of cash as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
Our primary uses of cash have been for salaries, fees paid to third parties for professional services, research and development expense, and general and administrative expenses. All funds received have been expended in the furtherance of growing the business. We have received funds from the sales of products and from various financing activities such as from the sale of our member units and from debt financings. The following trends are reasonably likely to result in changes in our liquidity over the near to long term:
- 22 -
 An increase in working capital requirements to finance our current business,  Research and development fees;  Addition of administrative and sales personnel as the business grows, and  The cost of being a public company.

An increase in working capital requirements to finance our current business,
 Research and development fees;

Research and development fees;
 Addition of administrative and sales personnel as the business grows, and

Addition of administrative and sales personnel as the business grows, and
 The cost of being a public company.

The cost of being a public company.
From inception in 2013 through December 31, 2017 C-Bond has raised a total of $5.9 million from proceeds from the sale of common units to fund its operations and research and development initiatives. Fund sources have come from individual investment vehicles. No institutional investment has been made in the Company to date.
In 2013 and 2014, we received $1,475,000 in gross proceeds from initial seed capital and other investments.
During 2015, C-Bond issued 1,200,000 member units for collected cash proceeds of $2,050,000, or $2.50 per member unit and an outstanding subscription receivable.
During 2016, C-Bond received proceeds of $950,000 from the collection of subscription receivables from the sale of member units in 2015.
During 2016, C-Bond issued 363,636 member units for cash proceeds of $1,000,000, or $2.75 per member unit.
In June 2016, C-Bond issued 500,000 member units upon the exercise of 500,000 member unit options at $0.10 per shares. In connection with this option exercise, C-Bond received proceeds of $50,000.
During 2017, C-Bond issued 159,090 member units for cash proceeds of $437,500, or $2.75 per member unit.
On June 1, 2017, C-Bond received $100,000 from a third party pursuant to the terms of a convertible promissory note (the "Convertible Note"). The Convertible Note accrued interest at 7% per annum and all principal and interest is payable on the maturity date of June 1, 2019. The Holder may, at any time, upon written notice, convert all amounts then outstanding under this Convertible Note into a number of common units of C-Bond Systems LLC equal to the amount then owed under this Note divided by $2.50. Upon the maturity date, the principal and accrued interest under this note will automatically be converted into the number of common units of C-Bond Systems LLC equal to the amount then owed under this Convertible Note divided by $2.50. C-Bond Systems LLC may prepay this Convertible Note at any time upon thirty days' prior written notice to the Holder and shall prepay this Convertible Note in full upon the thirty days' prior written notice of a change of control event. On April 1, 2018, the note was converted into 42,333 common units. As a result no long term debt will exist at the time of the transaction closure.
,
at any time
,
upon
written
notice,
convert all amounts
then
outstanding
under
this Convertible Note into a number of
common unit
s
of C-Bond Systems LLC equal
to the
amount
then
owed under
this
Note
divided by $2.50.
Upo
n the m
aturity date, the principal and accrued interest under this note will automatically
be
converted
i
nto the
number of common
unit
s
of C-Bond Systems LLC equal to the amount then owed under
this Convertible
Note divided
b
y
$2.50. C-Bond Systems LLC may prepay this Convertible Note at any time upon thirty days' prior written notice to the Holder and shall prepay this Convertible Note in full upon the thirty days' prior written notice of a change of control event.
On April 26, 2018, C-Bond paid off the Esousa First Note, described below, for $270,000 and the parties terminated all of the related agreements, including the notes, the warrants and the registrations rights agreement.
On January 22, 2018 (the "Issuance Date"), C-Bond entered into a securities purchase agreement (the "SPA") with Esousa Holdings, LLC ("Esousa"), whereby Esousa agreed to invest up to $750,000 (the "Purchase Price") in C-Bond in exchange for senior secured convertible notes and five-year warrants, upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof. Pursuant to the SPA, C-Bond issued (i) a senior secured convertible note to Esousa on January 22, 2018, in the original principal amount of $260,000, which bears interest at 10% per annum (the "First Note") and (ii) 293,123 five-year warrants to purchase shares of C-Bond common stock at a purchase price of $0.87 per share. On January 22, 2018, C-Bond received cash proceeds of $260,000 under this convertible note. Each convertible note issued pursuant to the SPA was due and payable two years from the issuance date of the respective convertible note, and any accrued and unpaid interest relating to each convertible note, was due and payable semi-annually. Any amount of principal or interest that was due under each convertible note, which if not paid by the respective maturity date, would bear interest at the rate of 12% per annum until it was satisfied in full. The First Note was secured by a lien on all assets of C-Bond (including, without limitation, the intellectual property rights and all other intellectual property assets).
- 23 -
Esousa was entitled to, at any time or from time to time, convert each convertible note issued under the SPA into shares of C-Bond's common stock, at a conversion price per share (the "Conversion Price") equal to $0.87 (subject to adjustment as provided in the First Note). The First Note contained various covenants, such as rights of first refusal, restrictions on the incurrence of indebtedness, creation of liens, payment of restricted payments, redemptions, payment of cash dividends and the transfer of assets. C-Bond also entered into a registrations rights agreement with Esousa which has been terminated. In 2018, C-Bond issued 400,000 member units upon exercise of 400,000 member unit options at $0.10 per unit. In connection with these options, C-Bond received proceeds of $40,000. C-Bond also issued 10,000 member units for cash proceeds of $27,500 or $2.75 per member unit. Additional cash liquidity is generated from product sales. C-Bond has not incurred any debt financing resulting in an extended liability. To date, C-Bond Systems is not profitable, and we cannot provide any assurances that we will be profitable. We believe our cash and cash equivalents in addition to the proceeds received from closing the merger agreement will provide sufficient capital to satisfy anticipated operational and research expense through April 2019.
In 2018, C-Bond issued 400,000 member units upon exercise of 400,000 member unit options at $0.10 per unit. In connection with these options, C-Bond received proceeds of $40,000. C-Bond also issued 10,000 member units for cash proceeds of $27,500 or $2.75 per member unit.
Additional cash liquidity is generated from product sales. C-Bond has not incurred any debt financing resulting in an extended liability.
To date, C-Bond Systems is not profitable, and we cannot provide any assurances that we will be profitable. We believe our cash and cash equivalents in addition to the proceeds received from closing the merger agreement will provide sufficient capital to satisfy anticipated operational and research expense through April 2019.
Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31, 2017 and 2016
The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the years ended December 2017 and 2016.
Year Ended December 31, 2017 2016 Net cash used in operating activities $ (1,084,508 ) $ (1,633,631 ) Net cash used in investing activities $ (3,454 ) $ (31,327 ) Net cash provided by financing activities $ 537,500 $ 2,000,000 Net (decrease) increase in cash $ (550,462 ) $ 335,042 Cash - beginning of the year $ 596,910 $ 261,868 Cash - end of the year $ 46,448 $ 596,910
Year Ended December 31,
2017 2016
2017
2016
Net cash used in operating activities $ (1,084,508 ) $ (1,633,631 )
$
(1,084,508
)
$
(1,633,631
)
Net cash used in investing activities $ (3,454 ) $ (31,327 )
$
(3,454
)
$
(31,327
)
Net cash provided by financing activities $ 537,500 $ 2,000,000
$
537,500
$
2,000,000
Net (decrease) increase in cash $ (550,462 ) $ 335,042
$
(550,462
)
$
335,042
Cash - beginning of the year $ 596,910 $ 261,868
$
596,910
$
261,868
Cash - end of the year $ 46,448 $ 596,910
$
46,448
$
596,910
Net cash flow used in operating activities was $1,084,508 for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared net cash flow used in operating activities to $1,633,631 for the year ended December 31, 2016, a decrease of $549,123.
Net cash flow used operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily reflected a net loss of $8,299,692 adjusted for the add-back of non-cash items consisting of depreciation and amortization of $38,295, stock-based compensation expense of $6,772,752, bad debt expense of $16,894, and the amortization of debt discount to interest expense of $2,917, and changes in operating assets and liabilities consisting of an increase in accounts receivable of $37,757, an increase in accounts payable of $99,542, an increase in accrued expenses of $79,153, and an increase in accrued compensation of $243,701.
Net cash flow used operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily reflected a net loss of $5,872,268 adjusted for the add-back of non-cash items consisting of depreciation and amortization of $34,545, stock-based compensation expense of $4,365,964 and bad debt expense of $71,582, and changed in operating assets and liabilities consisting of an increase in accounts receivable of $49,851, a decrease in inventory of $25,252, a decrease in accounts payable of $94,119, and a decrease in accrued compensation of $109,057.
For the year ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, net cash flow used in investing activities amounted to $3,454 and $31,327 and consisted of the purchase of property and equipment.
- 24 -
Net cash provided by financing activities was $537,500 for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to $2,000,000 for the year ended December 31, 2016. During the year ended December 31, 2017, we received net proceeds from convertible notes of $100,000 and proceeds from the sale of member units of $437,500. During the year ended December 31, 2016, we received proceeds from the sale of member units of $1,950,000 and proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $50,000.
Funding Requirements
We expect the primary use of capital to continue to be salaries, third party outside research and testing services, product and research supplies, legal and regulatory expenses and general overhead costs. Additional uses of capital will include additional headcount, tools and equipment, capacity expansion and operational control software. We believe the estimated net proceeds from the merger with current cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet anticipated cash requirements not including potential product sales. However additional capital may be required to further research new product verticals and enhancements to current product offerings based on customer requirements.
As of December 31, 2017, C-Bond determined that there was substantial doubt about its ability to maintain operations as a going concern. C-Bond's consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will ultimately achieve profitable operations or become cash flow positive, or raise additional debt and/or equity capital. We will seek to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund operations in the future. Although C-Bond has historically raised capital from sales of member units and from the issuance of convertible promissory notes, there is no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital or secure additional lending in the near future, management expects that the company will need to curtail its operations. C-Bond's consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the company be unable to continue as a going concern.
Our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement that involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary materially as a result of a number of factors. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong and could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Our capital requirements are difficult to forecast. Please see the section titled "Risk Factors" elsewhere in this form 8-k for additional risks associated with our capital requirements.
Until such time as we generate substantial product revenue to offset operational expenses, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financing, collaborative research and licensing agreements. We may be unable to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements when needed or on favorable terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition.
Contractual Obligations and Commitments
We have no long term debt obligations as of the date of this Report. We do maintain financing on two test equipment assets totaling a monthly expense of $3,220 that expire at the end of 2018. The current facility lease of $5,765 a month expires at the end of 2018. We expect to enter into an additional lease at that time.
We enter into agreements in the normal course of business with contracted research and testing organization, product distribution and material vendors which are payable or cancelable at any time with 30 day prior written approval.
- 25 -
Off-balance Sheet Arrangements
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements during the period presented as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
The primary objectives of our investment activities are to ensure liquidity and to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing the income we receive from our marketable securities without significantly increasing risk. Some of the securities that we invest in may have market risk related to changes in interest rates. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. We do not have any debt outstanding at the current time with floating interest rates. Due to the short-term maturities of our cash equivalents and the low risk profile of our investments, an immediate 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash equivalents. To minimize the risk in the future, we intend to maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term investments in a variety of securities, including commercial paper, money market funds, government and non-government debt securities and corporate obligations.
- 26 -
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth certain information relating to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 26, 2018, the day we completed the Merger, by:
 each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than five percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock;
each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than five percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock;
 each of our directors;
each of our directors;
 each of our named executive officers; and
each of our named executive officers; and
 all directors and executive officers as a group.
all directors and executive officers as a group.
The number of shares beneficially owned by each entity, person, director or executive officer is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares over which the individual has sole or shared voting power or dispositive power as well as any shares that the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of April 26, 2018 through the exercise of any stock option, warrants or other rights. Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares of common stock held by that person.
The percentage of shares beneficially owned is computed on the basis of 75,712,037 shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 26, 2018, after giving effect to (i) the Merger, and (ii) the issuance of 3,100,000 shares of our common stock in the Offering. One or more persons in the table below may purchase shares of common stock in the Offering or decline to do so, resulting in changes to the percentage of common stock that they beneficially own immediately following the Offering. In addition, other third parties not listed in the table below may acquire shares of common stock that may result in beneficial ownership of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of common stock prior to or after the Offering.
Shares of common stock that a person has the right to acquire within 60 days of April 26, 2018, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such rights, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person, except with respect to the percentage ownership of all directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise noted below, the address of the persons listed on the table is c/o C-Bond Systems, LLC 6035 South Loop East, Houston, TX 77033.
Name of Beneficial Owner Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Greater Than 5% Stockholders: BOCO Investments, LLC(1) 10,150,000 13.4 % Evergreen Venture Holdings, LLC(2) 6,337,972 8.4 % SMS Moreira Ventures, LLC(3) 5,496,260 7.3 % Fournace LLC(4) 5,215,666 6.9 % Horus Holdings International, Inc.(5) 3,880,480 5.1 % Named Executive Officers and Directors: Scott Silverman(6) 1,663,271 2.2 % Vince Pugliese(7) ,2,503,773 3.3 % Bruce Rich(8) 8,215,666 10.4 % Barry M. Edelstein   % Scott V. Thomsen   % Brian L. Klemsz(9)   % All directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons)(11) 12,382,710 16.3 %
Name of Beneficial Owner Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned
Common Stock Beneficially Owned
Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned
Greater Than 5% Stockholders:
BOCO Investments, LLC(1) 10,150,000 13.4 %
10,150,000
13.4
%
Evergreen Venture Holdings, LLC(2) 6,337,972 8.4 %
6,337,972
8.4
%
SMS Moreira Ventures, LLC(3) 5,496,260 7.3 %
5,496,260
7.3
%
Fournace LLC(4) 5,215,666 6.9 %
5,215,666
6.9
%
Horus Holdings International, Inc.(5) 3,880,480 5.1 %
3,880,480
5.1
%
Named Executive Officers and Directors:
Named Executive Officers and Directors:
Scott Silverman(6) 1,663,271 2.2 %
1,663,271
2.2
%
Vince Pugliese(7) ,2,503,773 3.3 %
,2,503,773
3.3
%
Bruce Rich(8) 8,215,666 10.4 %
8,215,666
10.4
%
Barry M. Edelstein   %


%
Scott V. Thomsen   %


%
Brian L. Klemsz(9)   %


%
All directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons)(11) 12,382,710 16.3 %
12,382,710
16.3
%
* Indicates beneficial ownership of less than 1% of the total outstanding common stock.
 Barry M. Edelstein and Scott Thomsen will be appointed to our board of directors effective ten days after the date of filing the Schedule 14F-1.
- 27 -
(1) Pat Stryker has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Includes 8,050,000 shares owned by WestMountain Green, LLC, which is controlled by BOCO Investments, LLC. BOCO Investments, LLC's address is 1001-A E. Harmony Road, #366, Fort Collins, Colorado 80525. (2) Mark Rich, brother of Bruce Rich has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Evergreen Venture Holdings, LLC's address is 4222 Winbrook Lane, Orlando, Florida 32817. (3) Sergio Moreira has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. SMS Moreira Ventures, LLC's address is 232 Bostwick Street, Nacogodoches, Texas 75965. (4) Bruce Rich has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Fournace LLC's address is 3333 Allen Parkway, Unit Number 305, Houston, Texas 77019. (5) Dr. Victor Mena has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Horus Holdings International, Inc.'s address is Dessarollos res. Turisticos, s.a. De C.V., Cipresses No. 100, Col. Ampliacion Jurica, 76100 Queretaro, Qro., C.P., Queretaro, Mexico. (6) Includes (i) 970,120 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards, and (ii) 693,151 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options within 60 days of April 26, 2018 and those already vested. (7) Includes (i) 517,397 shares held by Mr. Pugliese, (ii) 808,433 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards, and (iii) 1,177,943 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options within 60 days of April 26, 2018 and those already vested. (8) Includes (i) 3,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options that have vested and (iii) 5,215,666 shares held by Fournace, LLC of which Mr. Rich is the sole member and manager. (9) Mr. Klemsz holds a 16.8% beneficial interest in WestMountain Green, LLC. Mr. Klemsz' address is 1001-A E. Harmony Road, #366, Fort Collins, Colorado 80525. (10) Includes (i) 5,733,063 shares held by the directors and executive officers, (ii) 1,778,553 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards and (iii) 4,871,094 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options that have vested.
Pat Stryker has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Includes 8,050,000 shares owned by WestMountain Green, LLC, which is controlled by BOCO Investments, LLC. BOCO Investments, LLC's address is 1001-A E. Harmony Road, #366, Fort Collins, Colorado 80525.
(2) Mark Rich, brother of Bruce Rich has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Evergreen Venture Holdings, LLC's address is 4222 Winbrook Lane, Orlando, Florida 32817.
Mark Rich, brother of Bruce Rich has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Evergreen Venture Holdings, LLC's address is 4222 Winbrook Lane, Orlando, Florida 32817.
(3) Sergio Moreira has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. SMS Moreira Ventures, LLC's address is 232 Bostwick Street, Nacogodoches, Texas 75965.
Sergio Moreira has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. SMS Moreira Ventures, LLC's address is 232 Bostwick Street, Nacogodoches, Texas 75965.
(4) Bruce Rich has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Fournace LLC's address is 3333 Allen Parkway, Unit Number 305, Houston, Texas 77019.
Bruce Rich has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Fournace LLC's address is 3333 Allen Parkway, Unit Number 305, Houston, Texas 77019.
(5) Dr. Victor Mena has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Horus Holdings International, Inc.'s address is Dessarollos res. Turisticos, s.a. De C.V., Cipresses No. 100, Col. Ampliacion Jurica, 76100 Queretaro, Qro., C.P., Queretaro, Mexico.
Dr. Victor Mena has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Horus Holdings International, Inc.'s address is Dessarollos res. Turisticos, s.a. De C.V., Cipresses No. 100, Col. Ampliacion Jurica, 76100 Queretaro, Qro., C.P., Queretaro, Mexico.
(6) Includes (i) 970,120 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards, and (ii) 693,151 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options within 60 days of April 26, 2018 and those already vested.
Includes (i) 970,120 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards, and (ii) 693,151 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options within 60 days of April 26, 2018 and those already vested.
(7) Includes (i) 517,397 shares held by Mr. Pugliese, (ii) 808,433 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards, and (iii) 1,177,943 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options within 60 days of April 26, 2018 and those already vested.
Includes (i) 517,397 shares held by Mr. Pugliese, (ii) 808,433 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards, and (iii) 1,177,943 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options within 60 days of April 26, 2018 and those already vested.
(8) Includes (i) 3,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options that have vested and (iii) 5,215,666 shares held by Fournace, LLC of which Mr. Rich is the sole member and manager.
Includes (i) 3,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options that have vested and (iii) 5,215,666 shares held by Fournace, LLC of which Mr. Rich is the sole member and manager.
(9) Mr. Klemsz holds a 16.8% beneficial interest in WestMountain Green, LLC. Mr. Klemsz' address is 1001-A E. Harmony Road, #366, Fort Collins, Colorado 80525.
Mr. Klemsz holds a 16.8% beneficial interest in WestMountain Green, LLC. Mr. Klemsz' address is 1001-A E. Harmony Road, #366, Fort Collins, Colorado 80525.
(10) Includes (i) 5,733,063 shares held by the directors and executive officers, (ii) 1,778,553 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards and (iii) 4,871,094 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options that have vested.
Includes (i) 5,733,063 shares held by the directors and executive officers, (ii) 1,778,553 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards and (iii) 4,871,094 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options that have vested.
