Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On May 18, 2018, ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. (the Company) completed the previously announced merger (the Merger) of ZGH Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), with and into the Company, whereby the Company survived the Merger and became a subsidiary of Z Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Parent) of which Christian Zugel, the Companys Chairman and Chief Investment Officer (Mr. Zugel), is the sole managing member. The Merger was effected pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 11, 2018 (the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company, Parent and Merger Sub.
At the effective time of the Merger, each share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share ( Class A Common Stock), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, other than (i) shares beneficially owned by Parent, Mr. Zugel, the members of Parent (including Mr. Zugel and Daniel Curry, the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer), certain trusts for members of Mr. Zugels family, and Mr. Zugels current spouse (collectively, the Parent Group) and (ii) shares owned by holders who neither have voted in favor of the Merger nor consented thereto in writing and who have properly and validly perfected, and not effectively withdrawn or lost their statutory appraisal rights under Delaware law (such shares of Class A Common Stock, dissenting shares), was converted into the right to receive $4.10 in cash, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes (the Merger Consideration). In addition, each restricted stock unit in respect of shares of Class A Common Stock (RSU) was converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration multiplied by the number of shares underlying the RSU.
The Merger was consummated following the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement by (a) the holders of a majority of the aggregate voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company and (b) the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock not beneficially owned by the Parent Group or owned by any member of the Parent Group, any director or executive officer of the Company, Ramguard LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or any affiliates of the foregoing persons (the Minority Stockholders).
The estimated total cost of completing the Merger, including payment of the aggregate Merger Consideration and related fees and expenses, was approximately US $33.5 million, which the Company funded or will pay from cash on hand, including US $12,649,676.70 that the Company received prior to the Merger from ZAIS Group Parent, LLC, the Companys majority-owned subsidiary (ZGP), for the redemption of ZGP Class A Units (Class A Units). Prior to the redemption, Parent contributed US $12,649,676.70 to ZGP in exchange for the issuance of 3,085,287 Class A Units by ZGP to Parent pursuant to the Investment Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2018, entered into by ZGP, Parent and Mr. Zugel (solely in his capacity as the founder member representative of ZGP and solely with regard to consenting to the issuance of Class A Units pursuant to the Investment Agreement and cooperating with the Company to obtain any other consents).
The description of the Merger Agreement and related transactions in this current report on Form 8-K does not purport to be complete and is subject, and qualified in its entirety by reference, to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
