Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On March 12, 2018, RETC acquired all of the outstanding equity of E-motion from the E-motion Shareholders. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company is acquiring Ten Million (10,000,000) shares of E-motion, representing 100% of the issued and outstanding equity of E-motion, from the E-motion Shareholders and in exchange the Company shall issue to the E-motion Shareholders, One Million (1,000,000) common shares of RETC. As a result of the Share Exchange Agreement, E-motion became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and was placed as a subsidiary of the Companys wholly owned subsidiary 12 Retail Corporation.
Other conditions of the acquisition of E-motion by the Company are:
1) Existing management of E-Motion has been retained.
1)
Existing management of E-Motion has been retained.
i. Hubert (Hub) Blanchette, Chief Executive Officer of E-motion is contractually retained by 12 ReTech for a minimum period of three years.
i.
Hubert (Hub) Blanchette, Chief Executive Officer of E-motion is contractually retained by 12 ReTech for a minimum period of three years.
2) The Company is obligated to provide capital to E-motion of over a 2-year period as follows:
2)
The Company is obligated to provide capital to E-motion of over a 2-year period as follows:
i. The Company will invest $50,000 within 60 days of completion of the acquisition for the purpose of moving the production facility to the lower cost location of Salt Lake City, Utah from Los Angeles, California. ii. The Company will invest an additional $150,000 during the first 12 months after completion of the acquisition to facilitate growth and this working capital will be primarily used for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management. iii. The Company is obligated to invest an additional $200,000 in the second year after completion of the acquisition and this working capital will be used primarily for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management.
i.
The Company will invest $50,000 within 60 days of completion of the acquisition for the purpose of moving the production facility to the lower cost location of Salt Lake City, Utah from Los Angeles, California.
ii. The Company will invest an additional $150,000 during the first 12 months after completion of the acquisition to facilitate growth and this working capital will be primarily used for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management.
ii.
The Company will invest an additional $150,000 during the first 12 months after completion of the acquisition to facilitate growth and this working capital will be primarily used for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management.
iii. The Company is obligated to invest an additional $200,000 in the second year after completion of the acquisition and this working capital will be used primarily for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management.
iii.
The Company is obligated to invest an additional $200,000 in the second year after completion of the acquisition and this working capital will be used primarily for marketing and inventory under a budget to be approved by the Companys management.
3) E-motion transaction compensation is earned by E-motion through the following performance metrics.
3)
E-motion transaction compensation is earned by E-motion through the following performance metrics.
i. Six Hundred Thousand (600,000) of the One Million (1,000,000) common shares that the Company is paying for E-motion will be held in escrow pending release based on the operating results of E-Motion over the next two years as follows: ii. E-motion Shareholders will receive Two Hundred Thousand (200,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the first 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $1.4 million in gross revenues and $300 thousand in EBITDA. iii. E-motion Shareholders will receive Four Hundred Thousand (400,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the second 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $3.0 million in gross revenues and $750 thousand in EBITDA. iv. If the Company fails to make the investments referenced herein after approving its operating budget than the Escrow is canceled and the E-motion shareholders shall immediately receive all of the remaining shares held in escrow.
i.
Six Hundred Thousand (600,000) of the One Million (1,000,000) common shares that the Company is paying for E-motion will be held in escrow pending release based on the operating results of E-Motion over the next two years as follows:
ii. E-motion Shareholders will receive Two Hundred Thousand (200,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the first 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $1.4 million in gross revenues and $300 thousand in EBITDA.
ii.
E-motion Shareholders will receive Two Hundred Thousand (200,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the first 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $1.4 million in gross revenues and $300 thousand in EBITDA.
iii. E-motion Shareholders will receive Four Hundred Thousand (400,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the second 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $3.0 million in gross revenues and $750 thousand in EBITDA.
iii.
E-motion Shareholders will receive Four Hundred Thousand (400,000) common shares of RETC out of escrow if in the second 12 months of ownership, E-motion achieves $3.0 million in gross revenues and $750 thousand in EBITDA.
iv. If the Company fails to make the investments referenced herein after approving its operating budget than the Escrow is canceled and the E-motion shareholders shall immediately receive all of the remaining shares held in escrow.
iv.
If the Company fails to make the investments referenced herein after approving its operating budget than the Escrow is canceled and the E-motion shareholders shall immediately receive all of the remaining shares held in escrow.
4) E-motion has a single item of material debt of $250,000 that carries a 2% annual interest rate with no fixed payments. The payments are based on 10% of quarterly sales. The term is 10 years (with almost 9 years remaining). 5) Assets of E-motion are customer lists and sales channels, good will, and various intellectual property including URLs and clothing proprietary patterns. E-motion owns inventory and various manufacturing equipment including sewing machines and fabric cutting machines that are valued at no more than $200,000 in aggregate.
4)
E-motion has a single item of material debt of $250,000 that carries a 2% annual interest rate with no fixed payments. The payments are based on 10% of quarterly sales. The term is 10 years (with almost 9 years remaining).
5) Assets of E-motion are customer lists and sales channels, good will, and various intellectual property including URLs and clothing proprietary patterns. E-motion owns inventory and various manufacturing equipment including sewing machines and fabric cutting machines that are valued at no more than $200,000 in aggregate.
5)
Assets of E-motion are customer lists and sales channels, good will, and various intellectual property including URLs and clothing proprietary patterns. E-motion owns inventory and various manufacturing equipment including sewing machines and fabric cutting machines that are valued at no more than $200,000 in aggregate.
