Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously announced, Folio Dynamics Holdings, Inc. (FolioDynamix), a majority-owned subsidiary of Actua Corporation (Actua), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 25, 2017, with Envestnet, Inc. (Envestnet), FCD Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Envestnet, and Actua USA Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Actua, as the representative of FolioDynamixs stockholders, under which Envestnet would acquire FolioDynamix (such transaction, the Folio Sale).
Actua
Envestnet
Folio Sale
On January 2, 2018, the Folio Sale was consummated. Actua realized cash proceeds of approximately $166.3 million (approximately $1.5 million of which is being held in escrow to satisfy potential future indemnification claims, a purchase price adjustment and related expenses) in the Folio Sale and will receive an additional approximately $11.6 million in cash proceeds in the second quarter of 2018 if and to the extent that FolioDynamix is able to meet an agreed-upon threshold under a previously disclosed purchase price adjustment mechanism relating to client consents.
With the sales of its interests in VelocityEHS Holdings, Inc. and BOLT Solutions Inc. (Bolt) (as previously announced on December 12, 2017) and of FolioDynamix now complete, Actua intends to set a record date and distribute substantially all of the net proceeds from those sales later in January 2018, subject to expenses and appropriate reserves relating to the wind-down of its business. Following that distribution, Actua intends to accelerate the process of winding down its operations and discharging its remaining liabilities, including any potential liabilities relating to the recent sales of its businesses. Accordingly, Actua expects to significantly reduce its operating costs and to focus on opportunities to monetize its remaining minority holdings and other assets (including any future proceeds received from the FolioDynamix sale and the previously disclosed potential secondary sale of Bolt). The companys goal is to sell its stakes in those holdings over a 12- to 18-month period and distribute in one or more additional cash distributions the net proceeds from those sales, along with any other remaining cash assets (subject to expenses and appropriate reserves), to its stockholders.
12-
18-month
