Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
In connection with the closing of the business combination, we have completed our transition from a diversified asset base composed of a portfolio of conventional assets to an oil and liquids-rich resource play in the eastern portion of the Anadarko Basin in Oklahoma (the STACK) with an extensive inventory of drilling opportunities. The STACK is an acronym describing both its locationSooner Trend Anadarko Basin Canadian and Kingfisher Countyand the multiple, stacked productive formations present in the area. The STACK is a prolific hydrocarbon system with high oil and liquids-rich natural gas content, multiple horizontal target horizons, extensive production history and high drilling success rates. As of September 30, 2017, we have assembled a highly contiguous position of approximately 130,000 net acres largely in the up-dip, naturally-fractured oil portion of the STACK in eastern Kingfisher County, Oklahoma. As of September 30, 2017, we have over 4,196 identified gross horizontal drilling locations in the STACK, over 2,075 of which we expect to operate. These drilling locations are in our primary target formations comprised of the Osage, Meramec and Oswego.
up-dip,
Just prior to the closing of the business combination, we completed the disposition of all of our oil and gas assets that were not located in the STACK. On December 30, 2017, we sold our assets located in the Weeks Island field to Texas Petroleum Investment Company for initial net proceeds of $22.6 million. The Weeks Island field, located in Iberia Parish, Louisiana, is a historically-prolific oil field with 55 potential pay zones that are structurally and stratigraphically trapped around a piercement salt dome.
On February 8, 2018, we distributed the remainder of our non-STACK assets to High Mesa Holdings, LP, our parent company as a dividend. At the time of the disposition, management estimated the carrying value of Alta Mesas remaining non-STACK assets to be $42.8 million with liabilities of $52.5 million, which liabilities include $44.6 million of asset retirement obligations.
Pro forma financial statements showing the effect of the disposition of the non-STACK assets, including the Weeks Island Assets, are included as Exhibit 99.2 to this Form 8-K.
8-K.
