Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The Offer and withdrawal rights expired as scheduled at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, at the end of January 30, 2018 (such date and time, the Expiration Time). American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the depositary for the Offer, advised Purchaser that, as of the Expiration Time, a total of approximately 71,970,009 Shares, representing approximately 95.1391% of the Companys currently outstanding Shares, were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Offer, including 1,849,932 Shares tendered pursuant to guaranteed delivery procedures. As of the Expiration Time, the number of Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer satisfied the minimum tender condition of the Offer, and all other conditions to the Offer were satisfied or waived. Immediately after the Expiration Time, Purchaser irrevocably accepted for payment, and will promptly pay for, all Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Time.
On January 31, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL), Purchaser merged with and into the Company, with the Company being the surviving corporation (the Merger). Upon completion of the Merger, the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Hershey.
Merger
At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), as a result of the Merger, and pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive the Offer Price, in cash, without interest thereon and subject to any required tax withholding, other than (i) Shares held in the treasury of the Company, (ii) Shares that at the commencement of the Offer were owned by Hershey or Purchaser, or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Hershey or Purchaser, (iii) Shares irrevocably accepted for purchase in the Offer and (iv) Shares held by the Companys stockholders who properly demanded and perfected appraisal rights under Delaware law.
The effect of the Merger on Company stock options and other equity-based awards is described on page 5 of the Companys Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed with the SEC on January 2, 2018, as amended on January 3, 2018, January 9, 2018, January 11, 2018, January 12, 2018, January 19, 2018, and January 31, 2018, which description is incorporated herein by reference.
Upon the closing of the Merger, Hershey paid an aggregate consideration of approximately $908 million for the Shares, not including related transaction fees and expenses. Hershey funded these payments with available cash on hand.
The foregoing summary description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Merger Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
