Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On February 2, 2018, Apptio, Inc., (Apptio), completed its acquisition (the Acquisition) of Digital Fuel SV, LLC, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (Digital Fuel), pursuant to a unit purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) dated as of February 2, 2018, among Apptio, Digital Fuel and the members of Digital Fuel (the Sellers). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Apptio acquired all of Digital Fuels outstanding membership interests.
In connection with the Acquisition, Apptio paid $42,500,000, composed of (i) $38,250,000 in cash (the Cash Consideration), subject to certain post-closing adjustments provided for in the Purchase Agreement, and (ii) 176,406 shares of Apptios Class A common stock (subject to proportionate deductions for the escrow described below) (the Equity Consideration). The Purchase Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants customary for business combinations of this type.
In connection with the Acquisition, Apptio will deposit 50% of the Equity Consideration into an escrow account for a period of up to 18 months, subject to extension as provided for in the Purchase Agreement, as security for certain customary representations, warranties and covenants made by the Sellers under the Purchase Agreement. Apptio will also deposit a small portion of the Cash Consideration into escrow as partial security for the post-closing adjustment provided for in the Purchase Agreement.
The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Purchase Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto. Apptio is filing this Form 8-K to provide investors with disclosure as if Item 2.01 of Form 8-K were applicable to the Acquisition. This filing should not be deemed an admission by Apptio that the Acquisition triggers the disclosure required under Items 2.01 and 9.01 of Form 8-K and if such disclosure is not ultimately required, Apptio does not intend to provide the financial statements and pro forma financial information called for by Item 9.01 of Form 8-K.
8-K.
