Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On January 10, 2018, BlueLinx Holdings Inc. (the Company), through certain of its subsidiaries, completed four sale-leaseback transactions (the Sale-Leaseback Transactions) with affiliates of Brennan Investment Group (collectively, the Buyer). Pursuant to the Sale-Leaseback Transactions, the Company sold four of its warehouse facilities to the Buyer for an aggregate cash purchase price of $110 million. The Sale-Leaseback Transactions were completed pursuant to certain Purchase and Sale Agreements, each dated November 6, 2017, between certain subsidiaries of the Company and the Buyer, each as amended by an Amendment to Purchase Agreement, dated December 17, 2017 (collectively, the Purchase and Sale Agreements). In connection with the Sale-Leaseback Transactions, the Company also entered into long term leases on each of the four properties for fifteen-year initial terms with multiple renewal options of varying lengths. The four warehouse facilities are located in (i) Lawrenceville, Georgia, (ii) Bellingham, Massachusetts, (iii) Butner, North Carolina, and (iv) Frederick, Maryland.
On January 10, 2018, the Company used a portion of the sale proceeds from the Sale-Leaseback Transactions to pay off the remaining principal outstanding of approximately $97.85 million under the Companys Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2006, by and among German American Capital Corporation and certain subsidiaries of the Company, as amended through the Seventeenth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2016 (as amended, the Mortgage Loan Agreement). Although the outstanding principal under the Mortgage Loan Agreement has been paid in full, the parties will continue to satisfy certain obligations thereunder after closing.
Other than in respect to the transactions discussed above, there are no material relationships between the parties to the Sale-Leaseback Transactions and the Company or any of its affiliates, directors, officers, or their associates.
The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, reference to the full text of the Purchase and Sale Agreements, the form of which will be filed as an exhibit to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2018.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
