Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On February 5, 2018 (the Closing Date), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) by and among BWW, Arbys Restaurant Group, Inc. (Arbys), and IB Merger Sub I Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of an affiliate of Arbys (Merger Sub), Merger Sub merged with and into BWW (the Merger), with BWW continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of such affiliate of Arbys.
Closing Date
), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the 
Merger Agreement
) by and among BWW, Arbys Restaurant Group, Inc. (
), and IB Merger Sub I Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of an affiliate of Arbys (
), Merger Sub merged with and into BWW (the 
), with BWW continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of such affiliate of Arbys.
As a result of the Merger, each share of common stock of BWW that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) was converted into the right to receive $157.00 in cash, without interest and subject to applicable withholding taxes (the Merger Consideration), other than those shares owned by Arbys or any subsidiary of Arbys or BWW (which were cancelled without payment of any consideration) (collectively, the Excluded Shares).
Effective Time
) was converted into the right to receive $157.00 in cash, without interest and subject to applicable withholding taxes (the 
Merger Consideration
), other than those shares owned by Arbys or any subsidiary of Arbys or BWW (which were cancelled without payment of any consideration) (collectively, the 
Excluded Shares
).
Also as a result of the Merger, each unexercised option to acquire BWW common stock was cancelled in exchange for an amount in cash equal to the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of BWW common stock subject to such option multiplied by the number of shares of BWW common stock subject to such option; each restricted stock unit award subject solely to time-based vesting was cancelled in exchange for an amount in cash equal to the Merger Consideration multiplied by the number of shares of BWW common stock subject to such time vesting restricted stock unit award; and each restricted stock unit award subject to performance-based vesting was cancelled in exchange for an amount in cash equal to the Merger Consideration multiplied by the number of shares of BWW common stock attributable to such performance vesting restricted stock unit award based upon an assumed attainment of the target level of performance applicable to such award. No restricted stock awards were outstanding at the Effective Time.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to BWWs Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 28, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.
SEC
) on November 28, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 3.01Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.
