2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
Effective January 1, 2018, Business First Bancshares, Inc. (Business First), the holding company for Business First Bank, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, completed its previously announced acquisition of Minden Bancorp, Inc. (MBI), the holding company for MBL Bank, Minden, Louisiana.
The acquisition was completed pursuant to the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement), dated October 5, 2017, by and among Business First, MBI and BFB Acquisition Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Business First (the Merger Subsidiary). In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time, the Merger Subsidiary was merged with and into MBI, with MBI surviving the merger, followed immediately by the merger of MBI with and into Business First, with Business First surviving the merger. Immediately following the holding company mergers, MBL Bank was merged with and into Business First Bank, with Business First Bank as the surviving bank.
Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all of the issued and outstanding shares of MBI common stock were converted into the right to receive aggregate cash consideration of approximately $76.2 million.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Business Firsts Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference.
8.01 Other Events.
.
On January 3, 2018, Business First issued the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference announcing the completion of its acquisition of MBI.
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 99.1 Press Release issued by Business First Bancshares, Inc., dated January 3, 2018
Number
Description of Exhibit
Description of Exhibit
99.1 Press Release issued by Business First Bancshares, Inc., dated January 3, 2018
Press Release issued by Business First Bancshares, Inc., dated January 3, 2018
Forward-Looking Statements
This Current Report on Form 8-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as may, will, anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, target, forecast, and other words and terms of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, expectations, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Business First cautions readers that any forward-looking statement is not a guarantee of future performance and that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the benefits of the merger of Business First and MBI, including future financial and operating results; Business Firsts plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties relating to: (i) the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully; (ii) the risk that the cost savings and any other synergies from the transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (iii) disruption from the transaction making it more difficult to maintain relationships with customers, employees or vendors; (iv) the diversion of management time on merger-related issues; and (v) other factors which Business First discusses or refers to in the Risk Factors section of its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement and Business First undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
