Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On February 20, 2018, Clearfield, Inc. (the Company) and Calix, Inc. (Seller) entered into and simultaneously closed the transactions contemplated by that certain Asset Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 (the Purchase Agreement). On February 21, 2018, the Company issued a press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 announcing the Purchase Agreement transactions.
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company purchased from Seller assets relating to a portfolio of outdoor powered cabinet products. The purchased assets include certain identified contracts, technology and intellectual property rights, inventory, tangible personal property, warranties, representations and guarantees from suppliers, distributors, manufacturers and contractors relating to products sold to Seller, claims relating to the purchased assets or assumed liabilities, marketing materials and product documentation.
As consideration for the purchased assets, the Company paid the Seller $10,350,000 in cash and assumed certain liabilities of Seller, including obligations and liabilities arising from the purchased assets after the closing, liabilities under the identified contracts assigned to the Company, certain warranty obligations of Seller, and certain purchase commitments relating to the products. The purchase price was paid from the Companys cash on hand.
In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company and the Seller also entered into various ancillary agreements, including an agent channel agreement by which the Seller has become a reseller of the outdoor powered cabinet products purchased by the Company on a nonexclusive basis for an initial term of eighteen months, subject to earlier termination.
The foregoing summary of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
