Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On December 27, 2017, CNL Healthcare Properties II, Inc. (referred to herein as we, us, our or the Company), through CHP II Partners, LP, our operating partnership and its subsidiaries, completed the acquisition of ground lease interests in the land and a fee simple interest in the improvements which constitute a medical office building located in Overland Park, Kansas (Overland) from MidAmerica Surgery Institute Properties II, LLC (the Seller) for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $14.0 million, excluding closing costs. We are not affiliated with the Seller of Overland. As part of the acquisition, the Company was also granted a license to use the name Mid-America Surgery Institute in connection with identifying and publicizing the Overland property. The Overland medical office building comprises approximately 38,496 square feet and was built in 2007. As of December 27, 2017, Overland is 100 percent leased to a total of five tenants. We funded the purchase of Overland with proceeds from our public offering and proceeds from a loan agreement with Synovus Bank (Synovus), which is described further in Item 2.03 below.
Following the closing of the acquisition, Overland will be managed and operated by Holladay Properties Services Midwest, Inc. (Holladay Properties Services), an independent third-party property manager, pursuant to a one-year property management and leasing agreement, which will automatically renew for successive one-year terms, and which may be terminated without penalty under certain circumstances. Pursuant to the property management and leasing agreement, Holladay Property Services will receive a management fee equal to (i) 3% of all rent collected with respect to Overland; plus (ii) a 4% leasing commission on all new leases; (iii) a 2% leasing commission on all existing lease renewals; and (iv) 5% of the amount of any construction contracts equal to or less than $250,000 and 3% of the amount of any construction contracts over $250,000 for which Holladay Property Services provides construction management services.
An investment services fee of approximately $315,000, which is equal to 2.25% of the purchase price of Overland was paid to our advisor, CHP II Advisors, LLC, in connection with the acquisition of Overland.
A copy of the Companys press release describing the acquisition of Overland is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1.
