Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On January 3, 2018, CNX Gas Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability (CNX Gas) and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CNX Resources Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), consummated the previously disclosed acquisition (the Acquisition) of a 50% membership interest in CONE Gathering LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CONE Gathering), from NBL Midstream, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Noble), pursuant to that certain Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated as of December 14, 2017, by and between CNX Gas and Noble.
CONE Gathering holds 100% of the interests in CNX Midstream GP LLC (f/k/a CONE Midstream GP LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (the General Partner) and the general partner of CNX Midstream Partners LP (f/k/a CONE Midstream Partners LP), a Delaware limited partnership (CNX Midstream). The General Partner, as the general partner of CNX Midstream, owns a two percent general partner interest in CNX Midstream and all of CNX Midstreams incentive distribution rights. As a result of the Acquisition, the Company owns 100% of the outstanding interests in CONE Gathering, making CNX Midstream a single-sponsor master limited partnership.
CNX Gas funded the $305 million aggregate purchase price for the Acquisition, which was determined through arms-length negotiation between CNX and Noble, with cash on hand.
In connection with the closing of the Acquisition, CNX Midstream changed its name from CONE Midstream Partners LP to CNX Midstream Partners LP and changed its New York Stock Exchange ticker symbol to CNXM. The General Partner also changed its name from CONE Midstream GP LLC to CNX Midstream GP LLC.
In addition to the relationship between CNX Gas and Noble created under the Purchase Agreement, certain affiliates of the Company and of Noble have relationships as further described in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the Companys Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2017, June 30, 2017 and September 30, 2017.
10-Q
The foregoing summary of the Purchase Agreement and the Acquisition does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.
