Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On January 18, 2018 (the Closing Date), Code Green Apparel Corp. (we, us or the Company), consummated the transactions contemplated by a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement and the Exchange), by and between the Company, Designer Apparel Group, LLC (Designer Apparel) and the sole member of Designer Apparel, Steve Short, on the same day. The Exchange was effective for all purposes as of January 18, 2018. The Exchange Agreement includes customary representations, warranties, and indemnification obligations of the parties.
we
us
Company
Exchange Agreement
Designer Apparel
In connection with the closing of the Exchange, we agreed to: (i) pay Mr. Short, as the sole member of Designer Apparel, $50,000 in cash, of which (A) $25,000 in cash is due and payable no later than 30 days following the Closing Date; and (B) $25,000 in cash due and payable no later than 180 days following the Closing Date; and to (ii) issue Mr. Short (A) 5,000,000 shares of the Companys restricted common stock within 30 days from the Closing Date (the Closing Shares); (B) 2,500,000 shares of the Companys restricted common stock within 30 days of the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, provided the Employment Requirements (described below) are met (the 1st Anniversary Shares); and (C) 2,500,000 shares of the Companys restricted common stock within 30 days of the two year anniversary of the Closing Date, provided the Employment Requirements are met (the 2nd Anniversary Shares, and collectively, with the 1st Anniversary Shares and the Closing Shares, the Shares). The Employment Requirements means that Mr. Short is employed by the Company in good standing on the applicable date of determination.
1st Anniversary Shares
2nd Anniversary Shares
Employment Requirements
The Exchange Agreement provides that in the event the Company becomes subject to any bankruptcy proceeding prior to the earlier of (a) the tenth anniversary of the Closing Date; (b) the date that the Company has divested its ownership of Designer Apparel; and (c) the date Designer Apparel is dissolved, Mr. Short is provided the right, exercisable in writing, within thirty days of Mr. Short becoming aware of the occurrence of such event, to repurchase the Companys then entire ownership interest in Designer Apparel for $10 in cash (a Repurchase). In the event the Repurchase occurs prior to (a) the payment in full of the cash payments due under the Exchange Agreement; and/or (b) the issuance in full of the Shares, all remaining cash payments and Shares, are deemed forfeited, waived and forgiven in their entirety.
The Exchange Agreement also requires that Mr. Short be afforded the option to serve on the Companys Board of Directors for a period of not less than one (1) year following the Closing Date.
As a result of the Exchange, Designer Apparel became our wholly-owned subsidiary.
A required condition to the closing of the Exchange Agreement was that the Company enter into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Short, which employment agreement the parties are still negotiating, and which closing requirement was waived by Mr. Short prior to closing.
The foregoing description of the Exchange Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text thereof which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
