Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition of Disposition of Assets.
On February 28, 2018, Coeur Mining, Inc. (the Company or Coeur) completed the previously announced sale (the Transaction) of its subsidiary Empresa Minera Manquiri S.A., a Bolivian sociedad annima (Manquiri) to Ag-Mining Investments, AB (formerly NewCo 4714 Sweden AB under change of name to Argentum Investment AB) (the Buyer). Manquiri operates the San Bartolom mine and processing facility near Potos, Bolivia. The Company, Coeur South America Corp., a Delaware corporation (CSA), Coeur Explorations, Inc., an Idaho corporation (CEE and together with CSA and Coeur, the Sellers) completed the sale of 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Manquiri in exchange for: (A) a 2.0% net smelter returns royalty on all metals processed through the San Bartolom mines processing facility (commencing on the closing of the Transaction), (B) all value added tax refunds collected or received by Manquiri for any period ending on or before the closing date of the Transaction (net of reasonable collection expenses) and (C) promissory notes payable to the Sellers by the Buyer with an aggregate principal amount equal to $27.6 million, as adjusted to reflect Manquiris cash and cash equivalents as of the closing of the Transaction (the Notes). The Notes shall be repaid in equal monthly installments beginning on October 1, 2018 with a maturity date of September 1, 2019.
Company
 or 
Coeur
) completed the previously announced sale (the 
Transaction
) of its subsidiary Empresa Minera Manquiri S.A., a Bolivian sociedad annima (
) to Ag-Mining Investments, AB (formerly NewCo 4714 Sweden AB under change of name to Argentum Investment AB) (the 
Buyer
). Manquiri operates the San Bartolom mine and processing facility near Potos, Bolivia. The Company, Coeur South America Corp., a Delaware corporation (
CSA
), Coeur Explorations, Inc., an Idaho corporation (
CEE
 and together with CSA and Coeur, the 
Sellers
) completed the sale of 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Manquiri in exchange for: (A) a 2.0% net smelter returns royalty on all metals processed through the San Bartolom mines processing facility (commencing on the closing of the Transaction), (B) all value added tax refunds collected or received by Manquiri for any period ending on or before the closing date of the Transaction (net of reasonable collection expenses) and (C) promissory notes payable to the Sellers by the Buyer with an aggregate principal amount equal to $27.6 million, as adjusted to reflect Manquiris cash and cash equivalents as of the closing of the Transaction (the 
Notes
). The Notes shall be repaid in equal monthly installments beginning on October 1, 2018 with a maturity date of September 1, 2019.
Additional information regarding the Transaction is provided in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 26, 2017 and the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 16, 2018.
Unaudited pro forma financial information, giving effect to the sale Transaction, as required by Item 9.01(b) of Form 8-K is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.
