Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On January 1, 2018, The Community Financial Corporation (the Company) completed its previously announced merger of County First Bank (County First) with and into the Companys wholly owned subsidiary Community Bank of the Chesapeake (Community Bank), with Community Bank as the surviving bank (the Merger) pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 31, 2017, by and among the Company, Community Bank and County First. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of County First issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive 0.9543 shares of Company common stock and $2.20 in cash (the Merger Consideration). The $2.20 in cash represents the sum of (i) $1.00 in cash consideration (the Cash Consideration) plus (ii) $1.20 in Contingent Cash Consideration that was determined before the completion of the Merger in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meaning assigned to such terms as defined in the Merger Agreement.
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 31, 2017, by and among the Company, Community Bank and County First. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of County First issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive 0.9543 shares of Company common stock and $2.20 in cash (the Merger Consideration). The $2.20 in cash represents the sum of (i) $1.00 in cash consideration (the Cash Consideration) plus (ii) $1.20 in Contingent Cash Consideration that was determined before the completion of the Merger in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meaning assigned to such terms as defined in the Merger Agreement.
Also at the Effective Time, each County First restricted stock award became fully vested and was converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration.
The foregoing description of the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2017 and is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.
