Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition of Disposition of Assets.
On February 20, 2018, Forum held a Special Meeting at which the Forum stockholders considered and adopted, among other matters, the Merger Agreement. On February 22, 2018, the parties consummated the Transactions.
At the Special Meeting, holders of 16,940,909 shares of Forum common stock sold in its initial public offering (Public Shares) exercised their right to redeem those shares for cash at a price of $10.154326 per share, for an aggregate of approximately $172 million. Immediately after giving effect to the Transactions (including as a result of the redemptions described above, certain forfeitures of Forum common stock immediately prior to the Closing, and the issuance of an additional 16,459,375 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $131,675,000 pursuant to subscription agreements entered into in connection with the Transactions), there were approximately 69.7 million shares of common stock and warrants to purchase approximately 8.9 million shares of
2
common stock of ConvergeOne issued and outstanding. Upon the Closing, Forums rights, and units ceased trading, and ConvergeOnes common stock and warrants began trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) under the symbols CVON and CVONW, respectively. As of the closing date, entities affiliated with Clearlake beneficially owned approximately 54.7% of ConvergeOnes outstanding shares of common stock and the former securityholders of Forum beneficially owned approximately 8.8% of ConvergeOnes outstanding shares. As a result, ConvergeOne is a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq listing rules and expects to take advantage of certain rules that provide exemptions from certain corporate governance rules of Nasdaq applicable to listed companies.
As noted above, the per share redemption price of $10.154326 for holders of Public Shares electing redemption was paid out of Forums trust account, which after taking into account the redemption, had a balance immediately prior to the Closing of approximately $3.1 million. In addition, approximately $0.5 million remained in Forums operating account immediately prior to the Closing and approximately $131.7 million in proceeds from the PIPE Investment, as more completely described in Item 3.02 below, remained in escrow immediately prior to the Closing, which, together with approximately $35.0 million of cash of C1, was used to pay the cash component of the consideration of approximately $170.6 million to be paid to C1 Securityholders in connection with the Closing.
FORM 10 INFORMATION
Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K states that if the predecessor registrant was a shell company, as Forum was immediately before the Transactions, then the registrant must disclose the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10. Accordingly, ConvergeOne, as the successor issuer to Forum, is providing the information below that would be included in a Form 10 if ConvergeOne were to file a Form 10. Please note that the information provided below relates to the combined company after Forums acquisition of ConvergeOne in connection with the consummation of the Transactions, unless otherwise specifically indicated or the context otherwise requires.
Forward-Looking Statements
This current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements provide ConvergeOnes current expectations or forecasts of future events. Forward-looking statements include statements about ConvergeOnes expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, intentions, assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predicts, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Current Report include, but are not limited to, statements about ConvergeOnes:
 ability to grow and retain ConvergeOnes client base;

ability to grow and retain ConvergeOnes client base;
 ability to provide effective client support and induce our clients to renew and upgrade the technology offerings and services ConvergeOne provides for them;

ability to provide effective client support and induce our clients to renew and upgrade the technology offerings and services ConvergeOne provides for them;
 ability to expand ConvergeOnes sales organization to address effectively existing and new markets that it intends to target;

ability to expand ConvergeOnes sales organization to address effectively existing and new markets that it intends to target;
 ability to forecast and maintain an adequate rate of revenue growth and appropriately plan its expenses;

ability to forecast and maintain an adequate rate of revenue growth and appropriately plan its expenses;
 expectations regarding future expenditures;

expectations regarding future expenditures;
 future mix of revenue and effect on gross margins;

future mix of revenue and effect on gross margins;
 attraction and retention of qualified employees and key personnel;

attraction and retention of qualified employees and key personnel;
 ability to compete effectively in a competitive industry;

ability to compete effectively in a competitive industry;
3
 ability to protect and enhance our corporate reputation and brand;

ability to protect and enhance our corporate reputation and brand;
 expectations concerning our relationships and actions with our technology partners and other third parties;

expectations concerning our relationships and actions with our technology partners and other third parties;
 impact from future regulatory, judicial, and legislative changes in ConvergeOnes industry;

impact from future regulatory, judicial, and legislative changes in ConvergeOnes industry;
 ability to locate and acquire complementary technologies or services and integrate those into ConvergeOnes business; and

ability to locate and acquire complementary technologies or services and integrate those into ConvergeOnes business; and
 future arrangements with, or investments in, other entities or associations.

future arrangements with, or investments in, other entities or associations.
These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Current Report, and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to such party as of the date of this Report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and these statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.
You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
Business
The business of ConvergeOne is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Information About C1 and that information is incorporated herein by reference.
Risk Factors
The risks associated with ConvergeOnes business are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Risk Factors and are incorporated herein by reference.
Financial Information
Reference is made to the disclosure set forth in Item 9.01 of this Report concerning the financial information of ConvergeOne. Reference is further made to the disclosure contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data of C1 and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of C1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of C1
Properties
The facilities of ConvergeOne are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Information About C1 Facilities and is incorporated herein by reference.
4
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock of ConvergeOne upon the closing of the Business Combination by:
 each person known by Forum to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Common Stock of ConvergeOne upon the closing of the Business Combination;

each person known by Forum to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Common Stock of ConvergeOne upon the closing of the Business Combination;
 each of ConvergeOnes officers and directors; and

each of ConvergeOnes officers and directors; and
 all executive officers and directors of ConvergeOne as a group upon the closing of the Business Combination.

all executive officers and directors of ConvergeOne as a group upon the closing of the Business Combination.
Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days.
Unless otherwise indicated, ConvergeOne believes that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock of ConvergeOne beneficially owned by them.
Beneficial Ownership Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) Numberof Shares % Clearlake Capital Partners III (Master) LP(2) 38,129,813 54.7 % John A. McKenna, Jr(4) 3,219,709 4.6 Jeffrey Nachbor 735,039 1.1 Paul Maier(5) 637,127 * John F. Lyons 1,252,279 1.8 David Boris(6) 886,953 1.3 Richard Katzman(3) 180,875 * Keith W. F. Bradley 235,310 * Behdad Eghbali(2) 38,129,813 54.7 Jose E. Feliciano(2) 38,129,813 54.7 Christopher Jurasek 236,221 * Prashant Mehrotra  * James Pade  * Timothy J. Pawlenty 235,310 * All directors and executive officers as a group (13 individuals) 45,748,636 65.6
Beneficial Ownership
Beneficial Ownership
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) Numberof Shares %
Numberof Shares
%
Clearlake Capital Partners III (Master) LP(2) 38,129,813 54.7 %
38,129,813
54.7
%
John A. McKenna, Jr(4) 3,219,709 4.6
3,219,709
4.6
Jeffrey Nachbor 735,039 1.1
735,039
1.1
Paul Maier(5) 637,127 *
637,127
*
John F. Lyons 1,252,279 1.8
1,252,279
1.8
David Boris(6) 886,953 1.3
886,953
1.3
Richard Katzman(3) 180,875 *
180,875
*
Keith W. F. Bradley 235,310 *
235,310
*
Behdad Eghbali(2) 38,129,813 54.7
38,129,813
54.7
Jose E. Feliciano(2) 38,129,813 54.7
38,129,813
54.7
Christopher Jurasek 236,221 *
236,221
*
Prashant Mehrotra  *

*
James Pade  *

*
Timothy J. Pawlenty 235,310 *
235,310
*
All directors and executive officers as a group (13 individuals) 45,748,636 65.6
45,748,636
65.6
* Less than one percent.
Less than one percent.
(1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o ConvergeOne Holdings, Inc., 3344 Highway 149 Eagan, MN, 55121.
Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o ConvergeOne Holdings, Inc., 3344 Highway 149 Eagan, MN, 55121.
(2) Represents shares held by Clearlake Capital Partners III (Master), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or CCPIII. CCPIII is managed by Clearlake Capital Management III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or CCMIII. CCMIIIs general partner is Clearlake Capital Group, L.P., whose general partner is CCG Operations, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, or CCG Ops. CCPIIIs general partner is Clearlake Capital Partners III GP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or CCPIII GP. CCPIII GPs general partner is Clearlake Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or CCP. CCPs managing member is CCG Ops. Jos E. Feliciano and Behdad Eghbali are managers of CCG Ops and may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power of the shares held of record by CCPIII. The address of Messrs. Feliciano and Eghbali and the entities named in this footnote is c/o Clearlake Capital Group, 233 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 800, Santa Monica, CA 90401.
Represents shares held by Clearlake Capital Partners III (Master), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or CCPIII. CCPIII is managed by Clearlake Capital Management III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or CCMIII. CCMIIIs general partner is Clearlake Capital Group, L.P., whose general partner is CCG Operations, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, or CCG Ops. CCPIIIs general partner is Clearlake Capital Partners III GP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or CCPIII GP. CCPIII GPs general partner is Clearlake Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or CCP. CCPs managing member is CCG Ops. Jos E. Feliciano and Behdad Eghbali are managers of CCG Ops and may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power of the shares held of record by CCPIII. The address of Messrs. Feliciano and Eghbali and the entities named in this footnote is c/o Clearlake Capital Group, 233 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 800, Santa Monica, CA 90401.
(3) Includes (i) 7,500 shares issuable upon the exercise of a warrant held by Mr. Katzman, (ii) 48,375 shares held by Mr. Katzman and (iii) 125,000 shares of common stock purchased in the PIPE Investment held by Katzman Family LLC of which Richard Katzman is the investment manager.
Includes (i) 7,500 shares issuable upon the exercise of a warrant held by Mr. Katzman, (ii) 48,375 shares held by Mr. Katzman and (iii) 125,000 shares of common stock purchased in the PIPE Investment held by Katzman Family LLC of which Richard Katzman is the investment manager.
(4) Includes (i) 2,353,137 shares directly held by Mr. McKenna and (ii) 866,572 shares held by The John Arthur McKenna, Jr. Irrevocable Trust, dated August 27, 2014, of which Mr. McKennas wife is the sole trustee.
Includes (i) 2,353,137 shares directly held by Mr. McKenna and (ii) 866,572 shares held by The John Arthur McKenna, Jr. Irrevocable Trust, dated August 27, 2014, of which Mr. McKennas wife is the sole trustee.
(5) Includes 637,127 shares held by Mr. Maier as trustee of Paul K. Maier Living Trust DTD 1/31/2008.
Includes 637,127 shares held by Mr. Maier as trustee of Paul K. Maier Living Trust DTD 1/31/2008.
(6) Includes (i) 12,500 shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant held by Mr. Boris and (ii) 874,453 shares held by Mr. Boris.
Includes (i) 12,500 shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant held by Mr. Boris and (ii) 874,453 shares held by Mr. Boris.
5
Directors and Executive Officers
ConvergeOnes directors and executive officers after the Closing are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Management After the Business Combination and is incorporated herein by reference.
Executive Compensation
The executive compensation of ConvergeOnes executive officers and directors is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Executive Compensation of C1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The certain relationships and related party transactions of ConvergeOne are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions and are incorporated herein by reference.
Legal Proceedings
Reference is made to the disclosure regarding legal proceedings in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus titled Information About C1 Legal Proceedings and is incorporated herein by reference.
Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters
ConvergeOnes common stock began trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol CVON and its warrants began trading on the Nasdaq American under the symbol CVONW on February 23, 2018, subject to ongoing review of ConvergeOnes satisfaction of all listing criteria post-business combination. ConvergeOne intends to adopt a stated dividend policy and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to declare and pay a dividend in such amount as to provide an annual dividend yield to ConvergeOnes stockholders of at least 1%, subject to the determination by ConvergeOnes board of directors (i) that such dividend payment is permitted by applicable law and (ii) that ConvergeOne and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, have a sufficient amount of unrestricted cash to make such dividend payment and still satisfy their respective existing liabilities and have sufficient reserves for future contingencies or future needs of the business of ConvergeOne and its subsidiaries. ConvergeOne has not paid any cash dividends on its common stock to date.
Information regarding Forums common stock, rights and units and related stockholder matters are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Price Range and Dividends of Securities and such information is incorporated herein by reference.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
Reference is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 3.02 of this Report concerning the issuance of ConvergeOnes common stock to certain accredited investors, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Description of Registrants Securities
The description of ConvergeOnes securities is contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled Description of Securities After the Business Combination and Comparison of Stockholder Rights and is incorporated herein by reference.
Comparison of Stockholder Rights
Indemnification of Directors and Officers
The description of the indemnification arrangements with ConvergeOnes directors and officers is contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Description of Securities of Forum-Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers, which is incorporated herein by reference.
6
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Reference is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 9.01 of this current Report concerning the financial statements and supplementary data of ConvergeOne and its affiliates.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Reference is made to the disclosure contained in Item 4.01 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Financial Statements and Exhibits
Reference is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 9.01 of this Report concerning the financial information of ConvergeOne and its affiliates.
