Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The Offer and withdrawal rights expired at 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on March 20, 2018 (such date and time, the Expiration Time). American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the depositary for the Offer, has advised that, as of the Expiration Time, 16,055,804 Shares had been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, representing approximately 75% of the aggregate number of the then issued and outstanding Shares. In addition, the depositary has advised that, as of the Expiration Time, 82,636 Shares had been tendered by Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, representing less than 1% of the aggregate number of the then issued and outstanding Shares. Accordingly, the minimum tender condition to the Offer has been satisfied. As a result of the satisfaction of the foregoing condition and each of the other conditions to the Offer, Purchaser has accepted for payment all Shares that were validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer.
On March 23, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), Purchaser was merged with and into the Company, with the Company being the surviving corporation (the Merger). Upon completion of the Merger, the Company became a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Cott.
Merger
At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each Share, other than Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time owned by the Company, Cott or Purchaser, or by stockholders who have validly exercised their appraisal rights under Delaware law, was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Offer Price, payable to the holder thereof on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement.
The aggregate consideration paid to the Companys stockholders in the Offer and Merger was approximately $20.7 million, without giving effect to related transaction fees and expenses. Cott funded the aggregate purchase price and related fees and expenses from cash on hand.
The foregoing summary of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on February 13, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference.
