Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously disclosed, on December 11, 2017, Dextera Surgical Inc. and Aesculap, Inc. (Aesculap) entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (as amended, the Asset Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which Dextera Surgical agreed to sell substantially all of its assets to Aesculap or its designee for $17.3 million. Immediately thereafter, Dextera Surgical filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Court).
Also as previously disclosed, in connection with entering into the Asset Purchase Agreement, on December 15, 2017, Dextera Surgical and Aesculap entered into a Post-Petition Loan and Security Agreement (the DIP Loan Agreement) pursuant to which Aesculap agreed to loan to Dextera Surgical funds necessary to conduct its business through the process for the sale of its assets (the DIP Loan Amount).
Consistent with the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, on February 20, 2018, Dextera Surgical sold substantially all of its assets to Aesculaps designee, AesDex, LLC, for $17.3 million. Of this amount, Dextera Surgical received approximately $13.6 million, with an additional $2 million funded into an escrow account for 24 months. The balance of the $17.3 million purchase price was used to repay the DIP Loan Amount of $0.9 million, make payments to counterparties to assigned contracts and leases, and pay associated closing expenses.
Aesculap is part of the B. Braun Group. Dextera Surgical had a marketing and distribution agreement to distribute Dextera Surgicals MicroCutter 5/80 surgical stapler in Spain with B. Braun Surgical S.A., another part of the B. Braun Group, prior to entering into the Asset Purchase Agreement. The purchase price for the assets was determined in arms-length negotiations with Aesculap, and the sale of the assets was approved by the Court.
Dextera Surgical does not anticipate filing financial statements for the sale of the assets, or pro forma financial statements, due to the fact that following the sale of the assets Dextera Surgical is no longer an operating company and lacks the personnel required to do so.
