Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On January 30, 2018, DropCar, Inc., formerly known as WPCS International Incorporated (the Company), completed its business combination with DropCar, Inc. (Private DropCar) in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 6, 2017, as subsequently amended, by and among the Company, DC Acquisition Corporation (Merger Sub), and Private DropCar (as amended, the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Private DropCar, with Private DropCar surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger). On January 30, 2018, in connection with, and prior to the completion of, the Merger, the Company effected a 1:4 reverse stock split of its common stock (the Reverse Stock Split), and on January 30, 2018, immediately after completion of the Merger, the Company changed its name to DropCar, Inc. Following the completion of the Merger, the Company will operate with multiple lines of businesses, one of which operates in the emerging automotive support services market.
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Private DropCars stockholders, at an exchange ratio of 0.3273 shares of the Companys common stock, after taking into account the Reverse Stock Split, for each share of (i) Private DropCar common stock and preferred stock and (ii) Private DropCar warrants, in each case, outstanding immediately prior to the Merger. The exchange ratio was determined through arms-length negotiations between the Company and Private DropCar.
Immediately after the Merger, there were 7,811,888 shares of the Companys common stock outstanding. Immediately after the Merger, the former securityholders of Private DropCar, together with Private DropCar advisors in connection with the Merger, Alpha Capital Anstalt and Palladium Capital Advisors, owned approximately 77.1% of the outstanding common stock of the Company, with the Companys stockholders immediately prior to the Merger owning approximately 22.9% of the outstanding common stock of the Company. Approximately 50% of the Companys common stock outstanding immediately after the Merger is held by stockholders party to lock-up agreements or dribble-out agreements, pursuant to which such stockholders have agreed, except in limited circumstances, not to sell or transfer, or engage in swap or similar transactions with respect to, certain shares of the Companys common stock, including, as applicable, shares received in the Merger and issuable upon exercise of certain warrants and options. The lock-up period varies from three months to one year.
The shares of the Companys common stock issued to the former stockholders of Private DropCar were registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-220891) (the Registration Statement).
The Companys shares of common stock listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, previously trading through the close of business on January 30, 2018 under the ticker symbol WPCS, commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market, on a post-Reverse Stock Split adjusted basis, under the ticker symbol DCAR on January 31, 2018. The Companys common stock has a new CUSIP number, 26210U 104.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement contained herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
