Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On January 16, 2018, eHealth, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Wealth, Health and Life Advisors, LLC (d/b/a GoMedigap), a Texas limited liability company (GoMedigap), WHL Advisors, Inc., a Texas Corporation (WHL), Qavah Ventures, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (together with WHL, the Members), Richard Cantu and Kevin Walbrick, and Kevin Walbrick as the exclusive member representative thereunder, pursuant to which the Company acquired all outstanding membership interests of GoMedigap (the Acquisition). The Acquisition was completed on January 22, 2018 pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.
), entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Wealth, Health and Life Advisors, LLC (d/b/a GoMedigap), a Texas limited liability company (GoMedigap), WHL Advisors, Inc., a Texas Corporation (WHL), Qavah Ventures, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (together with WHL, the Members), Richard Cantu and Kevin Walbrick, and Kevin Walbrick as the exclusive member representative thereunder, pursuant to which the Company acquired all outstanding membership interests of GoMedigap (the Acquisition). The Acquisition was completed on January 22, 2018 pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.
On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, (i) at the Closing of the Acquisition, the Members received consideration consisting of $15 million in cash, less purchase price adjustments of $171,250, and an aggregate of approximately 294,637 shares of Company common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Company Common Stock), subject to escrow adjustments, and (ii) if, as and when payable under the Purchase Agreement, the Members will be entitled to receive earnout payments (the  Earnout Consideration) with an aggregate value equal to approximately $30 million, consisting of approximately $20 million in cash and an aggregate of approximately 589,275 shares of Company Common Stock. The Earnout Consideration will become payable, subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, upon the final determination of the achievement of certain milestones in 2018 and 2019.
The purchase price is subject to customary adjustments following the closing, including a working capital adjustment to the extent such amount is greater or less than the estimated net working capital amount determined at Closing.
The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete, and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Purchase Agreement, which was attached as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 16, 2018.
On January 16, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing the entry into the Purchase Agreement. A copy of the press release was filed as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 16, 2018, and, to the extent relating to the closing of the Acquisition, is incorporated herein by reference. The press release should be read in conjunction with the note regarding forward-looking statements, which is included in the text of the press release.
Section 9 Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
