Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On February 28, 2018, Entellus completed its merger with Explorer Merger Sub Corp. (Merger Sub), a Delaware corporation and a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Stryker Corporation, a Michigan corporation (Stryker), whereby Merger Sub merged with and into Entellus, with Entellus continuing as the surviving corporation and a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Stryker (the Merger). The Merger was effected pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 7, 2017 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Stryker, Merger Sub and Entellus.
At the Effective Time, each share of Entellus common stock, par value $0.001 per share (other than (i) shares held directly by Entellus as treasury stock or held directly by Stryker or any subsidiary of Stryker (including Merger Sub) immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) any dissenting shares), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, was converted into the right to receive $24.00 per share of Entellus common stock in cash, without interest and subject to all applicable withholding taxes (the Merger Consideration). The aggregate Merger Consideration consisted of approximately $664 million.
In addition, at the Effective Time, each option to purchase shares of Entellus common stock that was outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration with respect to each share of Entellus common stock subject to the option, net of the applicable per share exercise price and any applicable withholding taxes or other amounts required by applicable law to be withheld. Each restricted stock unit award outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in respect to each share of Entellus common stock underlying the award, net of any applicable withholding taxes or other amounts required to be withheld by applicable law.
Prior to the Effective Time, Oxford consummated a cashless net exercise of each unexercised warrant to purchase Entellus common stock, pursuant to the Warrant to Purchase Stock dated October 18, 2012 (the Oxford Warrants), for 25,453 shares of Entellus common stock. The shares of Entellus common stock issued upon net exercise of the Oxford Warrants were converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration.
The definitive proxy statement of Entellus, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 24, 2018 (the Proxy Statement), contains additional information about the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including information concerning the interests of directors, executive officers and affiliates of Entellus in the Merger.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
