ITEM 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Share Exchange Agreement executed between the Registrant and Emerald Plants Health Source, Inc. (Emerald) we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Emerald in exchange for the issuance of 20 million restricted shares of the Registrants common stock. Paolo Gervasi and Calogero Sal Calegero were the sole shareholders of Emerald and received a total of 14 million shares of our common stock. The remaining 6 million shares were issued to consultants including 1,250,000 shares to our president, Gianfranco John Bentivoglio. For more information regarding the acquisition of Emerald you are urged to read in its entirety the Share Exchange Agreement which is attached as an exhibit to this Report.
The 20 million restricted shares of our common stock that were issued to the former shareholders of Emerald and named designees issued at Closing represented approximately 14% of the then issued and outstanding common stock of EPHS Holdings.
As a result of the transactions affected by the Share Exchange Agreement, at closing Emerald became a wholly owned subsidiary of EPHS Holdings, Inc. Emerald is a development stage company with limited operations and no revenues to date. Emeralds business plan is to cultivate and distribute cannabis.
1
FORM 10 DISCLOSURE
Immediately prior to the transaction described above, we were deemed a shell company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K provides that under these circumstances, a registrant must include with its disclosure the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10 under the Exchange Act. Accordingly, we are providing below the information that would normally be included with a Form 10. Please note that the information provided below relates to the combined enterprises after the acquisition of EPHS Holdings, Inc. and Emerald except that information regarding periods prior to the date of the acquisition which only relates to the pre-exchange corporation, unless otherwise specifically indicated.
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
Corporate History and Background
EPHS Holdings, Inc was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on January 28, 2009 under the name Quantum Bit Induction Technology, Inc. On November 14, 2006, the Company filed Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation changing its name to Quantubit, Inc. On September 26, 2013 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment changing its name to Sertant, Inc. Then on January 2, 2018, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State changing its name to EPHS Holdings, Inc.
The Companys original business plan was to build and use technology to mine gold, platinum, precious metals and rare earth metals in situ from seawater and from slurries created from land-based ores. The Companys property was located in Nevada. The Company also explored developing technology to selectively electroplate precious and rare earth metals from solution or seawater onto collector electrodes. These endeavors were not successful, and the Company has since ceased operations.
With no operations, the Company was placed into receivership on February 15, 2017 (Case No. 2017-10544 as filed in the District Court of Harris County, Texas, 151st Judicial District) and remained in receivership until December 2017. Angela Collette was appointed the Receiver and was also appointed as the Companys president.
On December 28, 2017 the Company issued to EPHS, Inc., a Florida corporation, 75 million shares of the Companys common stock for $110,000 which represents approximately 62% of the Companys issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Mr. Bentivoglio is the president of EPHS Holdings, Inc. and EPHS, Inc.
On February 27, 2018 the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Emerald in exchange for the issuance of 20 million shares of our common stock.
Until the acquisition of Emerald, we had no operations and nominal assets.
Emerald Plants Health Source (EPHS) Inc.
Emerald is a Canadian based company that was incorporated and started business in 2012 and have built a state of the art facility that is 4 years in to their ACMPR application. Emeralds operations are based in Montreal, Quebec Canada. Emerald has applied and submitted an application to Health Canada to secure a commercial cultivation license identified as a license for Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulation: ACMPR. It has generated no revenues to date.
After securing the commercial cultivation license, Emerald will be required to apply for a sales license. In applying for a sales license for cannabis, Emerald will be required to submit its first cannabis crop for inspection. The inspection will examine the cannabis for contaminants and environmental control. If the license is granted, Emerald will be able to sell cannabis to licensed distributors throughout Canada.
Licensing Status
Emerald has submitted to Health Canada its ACMPR license application which is currently in review by Health Canada. Emeralds final Evidence Package and Request for Information is expected to be submitted to Health Canada by March 9, 2018. If satisfactory, Emerald will be granted a license.
2
The Company will commence the growing of cannabis following the issuance of the ACMPR license. If secured in March 2018, we anticipate that the first harvest will be ready in October 2018 and thereafter a positive cash flow is anticipated to follow, however, there can be no assurance this will occur.
Assuming that the Companys first crop will be ready to harvest in October 2018, anticipated total costs through the end of 2018 will be approximately $530,000. Until such time as the Company generates revenue, a cash infusion in either debt or equity financing will be required to meet these costs.
Commercial Cultivation of Cannabis in Canada:
In order to become licensed in Canada and the province of Quebec to grow and sell cannabis, licensed commercial cannabis companies must:

Maintain their license in good standing;

Establish personnel security measures;

Comply with and implement good production practices;

Comply with packaging, shipping, labeling, import and export requirements, and record-keeping requirements; and

Comply with client registration and ordering requirements
Labeling, testing and notice requirements for cannabis products include:

Cannabis oil must include the carrier oil used and for cannabis oil in dosage form to include the number of capsules or units in the container, the net weight, and the volume of each capsule or unit;

Fresh and dried marijuana must include the percentage of THC and CBD that could be yielded, taking into the account the potential to convert THC-Acid and CBD-Acid into THC and CBD;

The accuracy of weight and volume of products in packages must be between 95% and 105%,;

All required analytical testing to be done must use validated methods (e.g., contaminants, disintegration, and solvent residue testing) and requiring disintegration testing for cannabis oil in capsules or similar dosage forms; and

Required notification to the Minister of Health prior to commencing a recall
The Facility
Emerald currently leases a facility of approximately 8,400 square feet. Before a license is granted, the facility must meet the following requirements:
1)
Walk-in vault to comply with the Health Canada Security Directives for Controlled Substances;
2)
Building security, including access control, video surveillance and motion detectors;
3)
Equipment to grow the cannabis; and
4)
Laboratory equipment to monitor and test product quality.
The facility will be subject to Good Manufacturing Practices. ("GMP"). GMP is the Canadian standard for the production of pharmaceuticals. A GMP facility is under strict environmental control to assure manufacturing of sterile, potent and uncontaminated products.
It is not enough to build a GMP facility, it is critically important that it also operate at current GMP levels. It must have standard operating procedures (SOPs) in place to ensure proper manufacturing, record keeping and retention, environmental cleaning, and facility and equipment monitoring.
Health Canada has approved Emeralds facility for cultivation.
3
Government Regulation of Cannabis
The use of marijuana for medical purposes in Canada is governed by the Marijuana for Medical Purposes Regulations (MMPR). MMPR deals exclusively with the medical use of marijuana and does not address the issue of legalizing marijuana for general use.
The Canadian government does not endorse the use of marijuana, but the courts have required reasonable access to a legal source of marijuana when authorized by a physician.
MMPR also sets forth the requirements for licensed producers of medical marijuana. These regulations include:
 Physical Security Measures;  Good Production Practices;  Packaging, Labeling and Shipping Requirements;  Import and Export permit, if applicable; and  Security Clearance
 Physical Security Measures;

Physical Security Measures;
 Good Production Practices;

Good Production Practices;
 Packaging, Labeling and Shipping Requirements;

Packaging, Labeling and Shipping Requirements;
 Import and Export permit, if applicable; and

Import and Export permit, if applicable; and
 Security Clearance

Security Clearance
Physical Security Measures
Production sites need to be located indoors, and not in a private dwelling.
The MMPR sets out physical security requirements that are necessary to secure sites where licensed producers conduct activities with marijuana other than storage.
Health Canada has established security requirements for the storage of all controlled substances including dried marijuana by licensed producers.
All applicants for a producer's license have to demonstrate to Health Canada that they meet these security requirements. Licensed producer sites are subject to compliance and enforcement measures, including regular audits and inspections by Health Canada.
Good Production Practices
Licensed producers are subject to Good Production Practices that are meant, among other things, to ensure the cleanliness of the premises and equipment. The licensed producer is required to employ a quality assurance person with appropriate training, experience, and technical knowledge to approve the quality of dried marihuana prior to making it available for sale.
Product Quality
One of the requirements under Good Production Practices is that licensed producers must test dried marijuana for microbial and chemical contaminants.
Other requirements
Licensed producers must also meet other requirements under Good Production Practices under the Marijuana for Medical Purposes Regulations including, but not limited to:
 Sanitation Program;  Standard Operating Procedures; and  Establishment of a Recall System
 Sanitation Program;

Sanitation Program;
 Standard Operating Procedures; and

Standard Operating Procedures; and
 Establishment of a Recall System

Establishment of a Recall System
4
Packaging, Labeling and Shipping- Consumer Information
Dried marijuana must be packaged in a tamper-evident and child-resistant container and contain standard information about the product (including but not limited to, the weight in grams and the packaging date). In addition, all licensed producers are required to attach a client-specific label, similar to a patient-specific prescription drug label, to the package of dried marijuana.
Import and Export permit
A licensed producer must obtain a permit from the Minister of Health prior to importing or exporting marijuana.
Security Clearance
The following individuals are required to have a valid security clearance under the Marijuana for Medical Purposes Regulations:
 the applicant (if an individual);  all officers and directors of a corporate applicant;  the proposed Senior Person in Charge;  the proposed Responsible Person in Charge; and  the proposed Alternate Person(s) in Charge
 the applicant (if an individual);

the applicant (if an individual);
 all officers and directors of a corporate applicant;

all officers and directors of a corporate applicant;
 the proposed Senior Person in Charge;

the proposed Senior Person in Charge;
 the proposed Responsible Person in Charge; and

the proposed Responsible Person in Charge; and
 the proposed Alternate Person(s) in Charge

the proposed Alternate Person(s) in Charge
In addition to compliance with statutory guidelines prescribed at the federal level, controlled substances are also subject to regulation at the provincial level. Though provincial-controlled substances laws often mirror federal law, because the provinces are separate jurisdictions, they may separately schedule any product candidates as well. While some Canadian provinces automatically schedule a drug based on federal action, other provinces schedule drugs through rulemaking or a legislative action. Provincial scheduling may delay commercial sale of any product for which we obtain federal regulatory approval and adverse scheduling could have a material adverse effect on the commercial attractiveness of such product.
Distribution
The Company will look to enter distribution agreements with various companies. We believe that this will be a cost-effective way to distribute, market and sell the cannabis. To date, we have not signed any distribution agreements. Rules and regulations regarding the use and distribution of cannabis are constantly changing and there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure distribution agreements.
Commercialization
The Company believes that once we secure a commercial license, we will be a viable commercial-stage entity. As we transition to this strategy, we remain dedicated to further realizing the full potential and commercial value of a commercial cannabis license.
We recognize, however, that commercial development, distribution and sales entails substantial risk and requires significant operational expenditures. We continue to refocus our efforts on strategic development initiatives to reduce non-strategic spending aggressively and seek to obtain the funding necessary to implement our new corporate strategy. There can be no assurances, however, that the Company will be able to secure adequate funding to meet its current obligations and successfully pursue its strategic direction. Furthermore, despite our optimism regarding the commercial development of cannabis, even in the event that the Company is adequately funded, there is no guarantee that we will be able to cultivate and distribute cannabis in a profitable manner.
5
Competition
We face competition from larger well capitalized companies where economies of scale may make the acquisition of equipment and supplies more cost competitive. The entry into the cannabis industry is not capital intensive. As such, we will face competition from small start-up operations.
Changes affecting the global, national, and regional economies generally and the medical marijuana and recreational marijuana industries, in particular, we may not be able to create and maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace.
Property
Emerald currently leases a facility of approximately 8,400 square feet at a cost of $4,300 per month. The facility is located at 5490 Notre Dame Street East Montreal, Quebec Canada H1N 2C4. The lease expires November 30, 2018. Emerald has an option to extend the lease for one additional term until November 30, 2021.
RISK FACTORS
The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the Company may not be able to proceed with its planned operations and your investment may be lost entirely.
An investment in our securities is highly speculative and subject to a high degree of risk. Only those who can bear the risk of the entire loss of their investment should participate. Prospective investors should carefully consider the following factors, among others, prior to making an investment in the Securities described herein.
There is a limited trading market in our Common Stock. There can be no assurance that a trading market in our Common Stock or that a trading market can be sustained.
AS SUCH, INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME AND MUST BE ABLE TO WITHSTAND A TOTAL LOSS OF THEIR INVESTMENT.
THE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES DESCRIBED BELOW ARE NOT THE ONLY ONES WE FACE. ADDITIONAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY KNOWN TO US OR THAT WE CURRENTLY DEEM IMMATERIAL MAY ALSO IMPAIR OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS ACTUALLY OCCUR, OUR BUSINESS COULD BE MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED. IN SUCH CASE, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PROCEED WITH ITS PLANNED OPERATIONS AND YOUR INVESTMENT MAY BE LOST ENTIRELY.
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY'S PROSPECTIVE BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS:
Risks Related to Our Financial Condition
It is possible investors may lose their entire investment.
Prospective investors should be aware that if we are not successful in our business activities, your entire investment in the Company could become worthless. Even if we are successful, in securing financing, there can be no assurances that we will generate sufficient revenues to continue operations.
We have not proven our ability to generate revenues or profits.
We have very little meaningful operating history, so it will be difficult for you to evaluate an investment in our stock. We cannot assure that we will generate sufficient revenues to be profitable. As a result, investors will bear the risk of complete loss of their investment in the event we are not successful.
6
Our auditors have raised substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
As of December 31, 2017, Emerald had an accumulated deficit of $(673,286). As a result, our Independent Public Accounting Firm has expressed substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to secure additional financing, purchase and generate sufficient cash flows to meet its obligations on a timely basis.
We need to raise additional capital to fund our operations.
We do not currently have sufficient capital to fund our current or anticipated operations. We may be unable to obtain additional capital when required. Future business development activities, as well as our administrative requirements (such as salaries, insurance expenses and general overhead expenses, as well as legal compliance costs and accounting expenses) will require a substantial amount of additional capital and cash flow.
We may pursue sources of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements, including joint venturing of projects, debt financing, equity financing or other means. We may not be successful in identifying suitable financing transactions in the time period required or at all, and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital, we will not be able to implement our business plan.
Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity may dilute the ownership percentage of our stockholders. Raising any such capital could also result in a decrease in the fair market value of our equity securities because our assets would be owned by a larger pool of outstanding equity. The terms of securities we issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable to our new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of other derivative securities, and issuances of incentive awards under equity employee incentive plans, which may have a further dilutive effect.
Our ability to obtain financing may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both generally and in our industry in particular), our limited operating history, national unemployment rates and the departure of key employees. Further, economic downturns will likely decrease our revenues and may increase our requirements for capital. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations, if any, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs (even to the extent that we reduce our operations), we may be required to cease our operations, divest our assets at unattractive prices or obtain financing on unattractive terms.
We face many operating risks.
The acquisition, management and sale of a business involves many risks, which even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may not be able to overcome. These risks include, among other things, lease defaults, uninsured property damage and personal liability insurance, eminent domain as well as natural disasters.
We may not be able to operate our business successfully or generate sufficient cash flows to meet our operational requirements
Revenues may not be sufficient to meet our cash flow requirements. As a result, we may not be able to implement our business strategies and expansion plans. There is no commitment for additional equity or debt financing. Even if we were to obtain funding, there can be no assurance that it will be available on terms acceptable to the Company.
We are dependent upon our CEO for his services and any interruption in his ability to provide his services could cause us to cease operations.
The loss of the services of Gianfranco Bentivoglio, our sole officer and director, could have a material adverse effect on us. We do not maintain any life insurance on Mr. Bentivoglio. The loss of his services could cause investors to lose all or a part of their investment. Our future success will also depend on our ability to attract, retain and motivate other highly skilled employees. Competition for personnel in our industry is intense. We may not be able to assimilate or retain highly qualified employees now or in the future. If we do not succeed in attracting new personnel or retaining and motivating our current personnel, our business will be adversely affected.
7
The loss of key members of our senior management team could adversely affect the execution of our business strategy and our financial results.
We believe that the successful execution of our business strategy depends on the continued employment of key members of our senior management team. If any members of our senior management team become unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, our financial results and our business could be materially adversely affected.
Our business will be adversely affected if we are not able to establish and develop an effective work force.
A significant component to our growth strategy is attracting and retaining qualified, creative, innovative and experienced personnel. Our business would be adversely affected if we were unable to succeed in developing an effective workforce. We currently do not employ a workforce capable of generating revenue.
Risks associated with a company engaged in the cultivation and sale of cannabis:
We will be subject to significant governmental regulations.
We are subject to significant government regulation. Regulations such as compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices, evolving government regulations to the use, growing and distribution of cannabis may adversely impact our operating results. While we intend to comply with all government restrictions, there is no assurance that we will be able to comply with ever changing rules and regulations impacting the cannabis industry.
Recreational use of cannabis is still illegal throughout Canada, with legalization scheduled for July 2018.
Canadas prime minister has advocated to decriminalize cannabis and permit its recreational use. The Canadian government has approved proposals for the recreational use of cannabis. The Canadian federal government has passed a law that would permit recreational use that is scheduled to become law in July 2018. If approved, it is unknown what requirements will be imposed on any company growing or distributing cannabis.
Failure of the government to complete legalization of recreational use of cannabis and the possibility of additional provincial regulations may adversely affect operations.
Cultivators and distributors of cannabis is subject to extensive governmental regulation which increases cost of doing business.
Canada Health imposes substantial requirements on the production and distribution of cannabis. Compliance with these requirements can be costly. More stringent regulations could result in significant compliance costs. Delays in obtaining certifications and regulatory approvals could result in substantial legal and administrative expenses and additionally, conditions imposed in connection with such approvals. The cannabis business also may be affected by legislation and regulations imposing new or greater obligations related to, for example, assisting law enforcement, minimizing environmental impacts, protecting customer privacy, or addressing other issues that affect our business.
Any potential growth in the cannabis industry continues to be subject to new and changing state and local laws and regulations.
Continued development of the cannabis industry is dependent upon continued legislative legalization of cannabis at the federal, provincial and local level, and a number of factors could slow or halt progress in this area, even where there is public support for legislative action. Any delay or halt in the passing or implementation of legislation legalizing cannabis use, or its sale and distribution, or the re-criminalization or restriction of cannabis could negatively impact our business. Additionally, changes in applicable laws or regulations could impose additional compliance costs. Violations of applicable laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, and it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be materially adverse to our business.
8
The cannabis industry faces significant opposition, and any negative trends will adversely affect our business operations.
We are substantially dependent on the continued market acceptance, and the proliferation of consumers, of medical and recreational cannabis. We believe that with further legalization, cannabis will become more accepted, resulting in a growth in consumer demand. However, we cannot predict the future growth rate or future market potential, and any negative outlook on the cannabis industry may adversely affect our business operations.
Large, well-funded business sectors may have strong economic reasons to oppose the development of the cannabis industry. For example, medical cannabis may adversely impact the existing market for the current cannabis pill sold by mainstream pharmaceutical companies. Should cannabis displace other drugs or products, the medical cannabis industry could face a material threat from the pharmaceutical industry, which is well-funded and possesses a strong and experienced lobby. Any inroads the pharmaceutical, or any other potentially displaced, industry or sector could make in halting or impeding the cannabis industry could have a detrimental impact on our business.
We operate in a highly competitive industry.
The markets for businesses in the medical marijuana and recreational marijuana industries are competitive and evolving. There is no material aspect of our business that is protected by patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade names. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources.
Given the rapid changes affecting the global, national, and regional economies generally and the medical marijuana and recreational marijuana industries, in particular, we may not be able to create and maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Our success will depend on our ability to keep pace with any changes in our markets, particularly, legal and regulatory changes. Our success will also depend on our ability to respond to, among other things, changes in the economy, market conditions, and competitive pressures. Any failure by us to anticipate or respond adequately to such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Conditions in the economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets generally may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
Our business is sensitive to general economic conditions. Slower economic growth, volatility in the credit markets, high levels of unemployment, and other challenges that affect the economy adversely could affect us and our customers and suppliers. If growth in the economy or in any of the markets we serve slows for a significant period, if there is a significant deterioration in the economy or such markets or if improvements in the economy do not benefit the markets we serve, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We will have many competitors.
We will face intense competition in the cannabis market in Canada. Many of our competitors may be larger and have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do.
Our ability to compete may depend upon factors outside of our control
We will encounter factors outside of our control which may inhibit our ability to successfully grow, market and sell cannabis throughout Canada. These factors may include:
 Increased government regulation at both the federal and provincial level;  Changes in consumer behavior to use cannabis for either recreational or medical purposes;  Price fluctuation in cannabis;  Natural disasters may damage our facility; and  The strength of the economy
 Increased government regulation at both the federal and provincial level;
Increased government regulation at both the federal and provincial level;
 Changes in consumer behavior to use cannabis for either recreational or medical purposes;
Changes in consumer behavior to use cannabis for either recreational or medical purposes;
 Price fluctuation in cannabis;
Price fluctuation in cannabis;
 Natural disasters may damage our facility; and
Natural disasters may damage our facility; and
 The strength of the economy
The strength of the economy
In order to remain competitive, we must have the ability to respond promptly and efficiently to the ever-changing marketplace. We will have to adapt by revamping our own strategies and tactics to adequately respond in changing competitive business climates.
9
Any potential growth in the cannabis industry continues to be subject to new and changing state and local laws and regulations.
Continued development of the cannabis industry is dependent upon continued legislative legalization of cannabis at the federal, provincial and local level, and a number of factors could slow or halt progress in this area, even where there is public support for legislative action. Any delay or halt in the passing or implementation of legislation legalizing cannabis use, or its sale and distribution, or the re-criminalization or restriction of cannabis could negatively impact our business. Additionally, changes in applicable laws or regulations could impose additional compliance costs. Violations of applicable laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, and it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be materially adverse to our business.
Risks associated with our Common Stock:
There is currently a limited market for our Common Stock.
There is currently a limited market for our common stock. We do not expect that a market will develop in the foreseeable future. The lack of a market may impair the ability to sell shares at the time investors wish to sell them or at a price considered to be reasonable. In the event that a market develops, we expect that it would be extremely volatile.
We do not anticipate paying dividends on our Common Stock.
A dividend has never been declared or paid in cash on our common stock and we do not anticipate such a declaration or payment for the foreseeable future. We expect to use future earnings, if any, to fund business growth. Therefore, stockholders will not receive any funds absent a sale of their shares. We cannot assure stockholders of a positive return on their investment when they sell their shares, nor can we assure that stockholders will not lose the entire amount of their investment.
Our chief executive officer and control shareholder may influence matters to be voted on and his interests may differ from or be adverse to the interests of other stockholders.
The Companys chief executive officer and majority stockholder controls a majority of our outstanding common stock. Accordingly, the Companys executive officer and majority stockholder possess significant influence over the Company on matters submitted to the stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, mergers, consolidations, the sale of all or substantially all our assets, and the power to prevent or cause a change in control. This amount of control gives them substantial ability to determine the future of our Company, and as such, they may elect to close the business, change the business plan or make any number of other major business decisions without the approval of shareholders. The interest of our majority stockholders may differ from the interests of our other stockholders and could therefore result in corporate decisions that are adverse to other stockholders.
Legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, may make it difficult for us to retain or attract officers and directors.
We may be unable to attract and retain qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for our effective management as a result of rules and regulations which govern publicly-held companies. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act has resulted in a series of rules and regulations that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. We are a small company with a limited operating history and no revenues. This may influence the decisions of potential candidates we may recruit as directors or officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles.
10
We may face continuing challenges in complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and any failure to comply or any adverse result from managements evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting may have an adverse effect on our stock price.
As a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we are required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 404). Section 404 requires us to include an internal control report with our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The report must include managements assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year. This report must also include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that we have identified.
Failure to comply, or any adverse results from such evaluation, could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on the trading price of our equity securities.
Achieving continued compliance with Section 404 may require us to incur significant costs and expend significant time and management resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to fully comply with Section 404 or that we will be able to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective at fiscal year-end. As a result, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have an adverse effect on the trading price of our securities, as well as subject us to civil or criminal investigations and penalties.
Our common stock is subject to SEC rules applicable to penny stocks, which may make it difficult to resell your shares.
Broker-dealers are generally prohibited from effecting transactions in penny stocks unless they comply with the requirements of Section 15(h) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) and the rules promulgated thereunder. These rules apply to the stock of companies whose shares are not traded on a national stock exchange, trade at less than $5.00 per share or who do not meet certain other financial requirements specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). Trades in our common stock are subject to these rules, which include Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, which imposes certain requirements on broker/dealers who sell securities subject to the rule to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. For transactions covered by the rule, brokers/dealers must make a special suitability determination for purchasers of the securities and receive the purchasers written agreement to the transaction prior to sale.
The penny stock rules also require a broker/dealer, prior to effecting a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. A broker/dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the relevant penny stock and information on the compensation of the broker/dealer and its salesperson in the transaction. A broker/dealer must also provide monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in a customers account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker/dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customers confirmation.
These rules may discourage or restrict the ability of brokers/dealers to sell our shares of common stock and may affect the secondary market for our shares of common stock. These rules could also hamper our ability to raise funds in the primary market for our shares of common stock.
11
MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Forward Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements as defined by federal securities laws. For this purpose, forward-looking statements are any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact and include, but are not limited to, those preceded by or that include the words, estimate, could, should, would, likely, may, will, plan, intend, believes, expects, anticipates, projected, or similar expressions. Those statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such statements. The forward-looking information is based on various factors and was derived using numerous assumptions. For these statements, we claim the protection of the bespeaks caution doctrine. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:
 statements regarding our anticipated financial and operating results, including increases in and anticipated sources of revenues;  statements regarding expected fees we will receive;  predictions regarding the outcome of state and federal regulations regarding cannabis;  statements regarding anticipated changes in costs and expenses;  statements regarding when we plan to begin generating revenues;  statements regarding our goals, intensions, plans and expectations, including selling and marketing plans;  statements regarding expanded business opportunities in 2018; and  statements with respect to having adequate liquidity.
 statements regarding our anticipated financial and operating results, including increases in and anticipated sources of revenues;
statements regarding our anticipated financial and operating results, including increases in and anticipated sources of revenues;
 statements regarding expected fees we will receive;
statements regarding expected fees we will receive;
 predictions regarding the outcome of state and federal regulations regarding cannabis;
predictions regarding the outcome of state and federal regulations regarding cannabis;
 statements regarding anticipated changes in costs and expenses;
statements regarding anticipated changes in costs and expenses;
 statements regarding when we plan to begin generating revenues;
statements regarding when we plan to begin generating revenues;
 statements regarding our goals, intensions, plans and expectations, including selling and marketing plans;
statements regarding our goals, intensions, plans and expectations, including selling and marketing plans;
 statements regarding expanded business opportunities in 2018; and
statements regarding expanded business opportunities in 2018; and
 statements with respect to having adequate liquidity.
statements with respect to having adequate liquidity.
The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements;
 negative changes in public sentiment towards acceptance of the use of cannabis for medicinal and recreational purposes;  changes in the pace of legislation legalizing the use of medical and recreational cannabis;  other regulatory developments that could limit the sale of cannabis;  the loss of key personnel; and  other risks discussed in this document.
 negative changes in public sentiment towards acceptance of the use of cannabis for medicinal and recreational purposes;
negative changes in public sentiment towards acceptance of the use of cannabis for medicinal and recreational purposes;
 changes in the pace of legislation legalizing the use of medical and recreational cannabis;
changes in the pace of legislation legalizing the use of medical and recreational cannabis;
 other regulatory developments that could limit the sale of cannabis;
other regulatory developments that could limit the sale of cannabis;
 the loss of key personnel; and
the loss of key personnel; and
 other risks discussed in this document.
other risks discussed in this document.
All forward-looking statements in this document are based on information currently available to us as of the filing of this Registration Statement, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements other than as required by law.
The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto for the years ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 and the review of interim financial statements for the three months ended December 31, 2017 found in this report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Where possible, we have tried to identify these forward-looking statements by using words such as anticipate, believe, intends, or similar expressions. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements due to important factors and risks.
General
The following analysis of Emeralds financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements, including footnotes, and other information presented elsewhere in this report on Form 8-K.
12
Results of Operations
For the years ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 and for the interim period ended December 31, 2017, we did not generate any revenues. Operating expenses for 2017 and 2016 totaled $166,553 and $160,268, respectively. Operating expenses for the six months ended December 31, 2017 totaled $81,111. Operating expenses include but are not limited to equipment purchases, rent, utilities, professional fees, permits and labor costs.
Net Loss
Net Loss for the years ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 totaled $(166,553) and $(160,268), respectively. Net loss for the six months ended December 31, 2017 totaled $(81,111).
Liquidity and Capital Resources
At June 30, 2017 and 2016 we had cash of $6,913 and $32,268, respectively. Sales tax receivable and prepaid expenses totaled $4,299 and $8,321. Current liabilities totaled $721,889 and $622,489 consisting primarily of $715,940 and $616,771 in shareholder loans.
Our accumulated deficit at June 30, 2017 and 2016 was $(600,421) and $(437,041), respectively. Our accumulated deficit at December 31, 2017 was $(673,286).
In connection with the acquisition of Emerald, Emeralds two shareholders, Paolo Gervasi and Calegero Caruso have agreed to forgive $794,317 in shareholder loans.
Current and Future Financing Needs
We have spent, and expect to continue to spend, substantial amounts in connection with implementing our business strategy, including marketing, distribution, production, research and development, legal and accounting fees in connection with regulatory compliance and corporate governance. The actual amount of funds we will need to operate Emerald is subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control.
We have budgeted for Emerald approximately $530,000 in expenses for 2018. These expenses include but are not limited to supplies (soil and seeds), rent, salaries, taxes and permits.
Off Balance Sheet Arrangements
We have not entered into any other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as stockholders equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity.
13
