Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On January 17, 2018, Evofem Biosciences, Inc., formerly known as Neothetics, Inc. (the Company), completed its business combination with Evofem Biosciences Operations, Inc., formerly known as Evofem Biosciences, Inc. (Evofem Operations), in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of October 17, 2017, by and among the Company, Nobelli Merger Sub, Inc. (Merger Sub), and Evofem Operations (the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Evofem Operations, with Evofem Operations surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger). Following the completion of the Merger, the Company will be focused on improving the health and well-being of women throughout the world by addressing womens unmet medical needs through the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative, next generation womens healthcare products.
On January 17, 2018, in connection with the Merger, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation to effect a 6:1 reverse stock split of its common stock (the Reverse Stock Split), cause the Company not to be governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) and change its name from Neothetics, Inc. to Evofem Biosciences, Inc. The name change and the Reverse Stock Split were both effected on January 17, 2018. Shares of the Companys common stock, which are currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market will commence trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol EVFM as of market open on January 18, 2018. The Companys common stock has a new CUSIP number, 30048L 104.
No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded down to the nearest whole number, and each stockholder who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of common stock upon the Reverse Stock Split is, in lieu thereof, entitled to receive a cash payment at a price equal to the fraction to which the stockholder would otherwise be entitled multiplied by the closing price of the Companys common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market on January 17, 2018. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Companys common stock immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split was reduced into a smaller number of shares, such that every six shares of the Companys common stock held by a stockholder immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split were combined and reclassified into one share of the Companys common stock.
Unless otherwise noted, all references to share amounts in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including references to shares or options issued in connection with the Merger and the Financing (as defined below), reflect the Reverse Stock Split. The foregoing descriptions of the amendments to the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the certificate amendments to the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Evofem Operations common stockholders, at an exchange ratio of .1540 shares of the Companys common stock for each share of Evofem Operations common stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series C-1 Preferred Stock of Evofem Operations outstanding immediately prior to the Merger was automatically converted into a share of common stock of Evofem Operations in accordance with the terms of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of Evofem Operations. In addition, the Company issued shares of its common stock to holders of shares of Series D Preferred Stock of Evofem Operations at an exchange ratio of 515,924 shares of the Companys common stock for each share of Evofem Operations Series D Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger. Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below), Evofem Operations issued to existing accredited investors of Evofem Operations warrants to purchase up to 155,081,982 shares of common stock of Evofem Operations at an exercise price of $0.001 per share (the Investor Warrants) immediately prior to the completion of the Merger. The Investor Warrants were net exercised on a cashless basis immediately prior to the completion of the Merger for 154,593,455 shares of common stock of Evofem Operations. The shares of common stock of Evofem Operations issued upon net exercise of the Investor Warrants were converted into the right to receive shares of common stock of the Company at the common stock exchange ratio described above.
In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company assumed Evofem Operations Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the Evofem Operations Plan) and all of the stock options outstanding under the Evofem Operations Plan, with such stock options now representing the right to purchase a number of shares of the Companys common stock equal to .1540 multiplied by the number of shares of Evofem Operations common stock previously represented by such options. The per share exercise price for the each assumed Evofem Operations option was determined by dividing (i) the per share exercise price of the underlying Evofem Operations option by (ii) the common stock exchange ratio described above, with the resulting number rounded up to the nearest whole cent. The Company also assumed warrants to purchase Evofem Operations capital stock which were immediately amended and restated to be warrants (the Post-Merger Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock. The Post-Merger Warrants will have an exercise price equal to the average of the closing sale prices of shares of the Companys common stock as quoted on The Nasdaq Capital Market for the 30 consecutive trading day period immediately following January 17, 2018 and will be exercisable commencing on January 17, 2019 and until the earlier of January 17, 2022 or immediately prior to the completion of an Acceleration Event (as defined in the Post-Merger Warrants). The Post-Merger Warrants will be issued as a unit with one share of the Companys common stock (the Unit Share). Per the terms of the Post-Merger Warrants, the Unit Shares may not be transferred separately from the Post-Merger Warrants.
On January 17, 2018 the Company entered into voting agreements (the Post-Merger Voting Agreements) with certain holders (the Voting Agreement Holders) of shares of the Companys common stock then representing more than 19.5% of the then issued and outstanding Company common stock (the Threshold). For a discussion of the Post-Merger Voting Agreements see the section entitled Agreements Related to the Merger-Post Merger Voting Agreements beginning on page 129 of the prospectus/proxy statement/information statement for the special meeting of the Companys stockholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 12, 2017 (the Proxy Statement), which is incorporated herein by reference.
On January 17, 2018, immediately following the completion of the Merger, the Company issued, in a private placement transaction (the Financing), an aggregate of 1,614,289 shares of its common stock to certain accredited investors for an aggregate purchase price of $20 million pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 17, 2017, by and among the Company, Evofem Operations and certain accredited investors (the Securities Purchase Agreement). Upon consummation of the Financing, the Company terminated its existing Fourth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated September 22, 2014, by and between the Company and the investors listed therein (the Existing Investors), and entered into a registration rights agreement with the accredited investors participating in the Financing and certain previous investors of Evofem Operations and the Company (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company is, among other things, obligated to file a registration statement with the SEC within 60 days following completion of the Merger.
Following the completion of the Reverse Stock Split, the Merger and the Financing, there were approximately 17,757,165 shares of the Companys common stock outstanding. The former Evofem Operations stockholders owned approximately 87% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, or 15,448,737 shares, and the Companys stockholders immediately prior to the Merger and Financing, whose shares of the Companys common stock remained outstanding after the Merger and Financing, owned approximately 13% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, or 2,308,428 shares.
The issuance of the shares of the Companys common stock to the former stockholders of Evofem Operations was registered with the SEC on a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-221592) (the Registration Statement). The issuance of the shares of the Companys common stock to holders of stock options issued under the Evofem Operations Plan will be registered with the SEC on a Registration Statement on Form S-8. The shares of Company common stock issued in the Financing were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder. As disclosed below under Item 5.07, the issuances of shares of the Companys common stock pursuant to the Financing and the Merger were approved by the Companys stockholders at the special meeting of the Companys stockholders held on January 17, 2018.
No. 333-221592)
S-8.
The foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement, Post-Merger Warrants, Post-Merger Voting Agreement, Securities Purchase Agreement, Evofem Operations Plan and Registration Rights Agreement do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, Post-Merger Warrants, Post-Merger Voting Agreement, Securities Purchase Agreement, Evofem Operations Plan and Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which are included as Exhibits 2.1, 4.1, 4.2, 10.1, 10.11 and 10.12, respectively, of this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
