Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On February 8, 2018, certain subsidiaries (collectively, the Sellers) of Forestar Group Inc. (the Company) entered into that certain Agreement of Purchase and Sale (the Purchase Agreement) with Starwood Land, L.P. (the Buyer), which is a joint venture between an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group and an affiliate of Land Strategies Management. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Sellers sold to the Buyer certain land, buildings, and other improvements, certain shares and partnership and membership interests, mortgage loans made by certain of the Sellers, and other assets as described in the Purchase Agreement for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $232 million in cash, subject to certain adjustments as described therein. The parties to the Purchase Agreement have each made customary representations and warranties and agreed to customary indemnification obligations.
The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
The Purchase Agreement contains representations and warranties by each of the parties to the Purchase Agreement, which were made only for purposes of the Purchase Agreement and as of specified dates. The representations, warranties and covenants in the Purchase Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement, are subject to limitations agreed upon by such parties, including being qualified by schedules, may have been made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties instead of establishing these matters as facts, and are subject to standards of materiality applicable to the parties that may differ from those applicable to others. Others should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties to the Purchase Agreement or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys public disclosures.
