Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On January 18, 2018, Forward Industries, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) by and among the Company, Intelligent Product Solutions, Inc. (IPS), the holders of all of the common stock of IPS and Mitchell Maiman (Maiman). In consideration for the acquisition of all of IPS outstanding securities, the Company: (i) paid approximately $1.9 million in cash, (ii) assumed approximately $1.5 million of outstanding debt, (iii) issued a total of 401,835 shares of the Companys common stock to the two owners of IPS, (iii) agreed to pay $1,000,000 of deferred cash payments (with the first payment of $500,000 due on May 18, 2018) and (iv) up to $2.2 million of earnout payments based upon IPS meeting certain EBITDA milestones over a three year period. Additionally, the Company entered into three-year employment agreements with Mitchell Maiman, the President of IPS and Paul Severino, the Chief Operating Officer of IPS, and agreed to pay them each $256,000 per year.
In order to fund the acquisition of IPS, the Company issued a $1.6 million promissory note to Forward Industries (Asia-Pacific) Corporation (Forward China) in consideration for a one-year loan. The note bears an interest rate of 8% and pays monthly interest. Forward China is an entity which is principally owned by the Companys Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Forward Industries (Asia-Pacific) Corporation (Forward China) in consideration for a one-year loan. The note bears an interest rate of 8% and pays monthly interest. Forward China is an entity which is principally owned by the Companys Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement and the form of Employment Agreement, which have been filed as Exhibits 2.1, 4.1 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated in this Form 8-K by reference.
