Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously announced, on February 5, 2018, Del Monte Fresh Produce N.A., Inc. (Del Monte), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. (the Company), Mann Packing Company (Mann Packing) and the holders of all of the outstanding capital stock of Mann Packing entered into a definitive purchase agreement (the Agreement), pursuant to which Del Monte agreed to acquire Mann Packing by purchasing all of its outstanding capital stock for an aggregate consideration of approximately $361 million (the Transaction) funded by cash on hand and borrowings under the Companys existing credit facility (the Credit Facility). On February 26, 2018, the Transaction was completed on the terms set forth in the Agreement, and Mann Packing became a wholly owned subsidiary of Del Monte.
The foregoing description of the Agreement and the Transaction does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement itself. A copy of the Agreement is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. The representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements set forth in the Agreement were made only for the purposes of the Agreement and solely for the benefit of the parties thereto and were subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties instead of establishing these matters as facts. In addition, such representations and warranties were made only as of the dates specified in the Agreement, and information regarding the subject matter thereof may have changed and may change after the date of the Agreement. Accordingly, the Agreement should not be viewed as providing any factual information regarding the Company, Del Monte, Mann Packing or their respective businesses as of the date of the Agreement or as of any other date.
On February 27, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing Del Montes completion of the Transaction. A copy of the press release is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1.
