Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On March 6, 2018, An Agreement for Plan of Merger (the Agreement) was entered by Cannabis Leaf, Inc. (PCFP or Cannabis Leaf) a Nevada Corporation, which is a publicly traded (OTC: PCFP), 1934 Securities Act reporting company, and Apotheca Biosciences, Inc. (hereafter referred to as ABI or Apotheca Biosciences) a Nevada Corporation. Such Agreement will result in the merger of Apotheca Biosciences into Cannabis Leaf, with the Corporation to survive as Apotheca Biosciences.
FutureLand Corp will receive 12,000,000 shares of newly issued common stock for its 20% interest in Apotheca Biosciences.
Apotheca Biosciences and Cannabis Leaf entered into the Merger Agreement where Cannabis Leaf agreed to deliver to Apotheca Biosciences a certain issuance of sixty million (60,000,000) common shares of Cannabis Leaf, Inc. (the Exchange Shares), in exchange for all shares of Apotheca Biosciences being acquired into Cannabis Leaf, which would result in a change in control of Cannabis Leaf with such issuance. The issuance will result in Apotheca Biosciences being the surviving company under the laws of the State of Nevada. Under the Agreement, upon closing, Apotheca Biosciences will receive the immediate right to appointment of the directors and officers of the surviving company by the resignation of the existing director and officer of Cannabis Leaf, with the simultaneous appointment of two directors and officers being appointed by Apotheca. The issuance of the 60,000,000 common shares of Cannabis Leaf will represent the controlling interest of Cannabis Leaf, Inc. after such merger occurs.
Additionally, the Parties have agreed to change the name of Cannabis Leaf, Inc to Apotheca Biosciences, Inc. under Nevada law.
Apotheca Biosciences is developing cutting-edge medical products, nutraceuticals, formulation and delivery technologies for the healthcare and consumer care industry. Their pipeline of products includes, transdermal, sublingual, and nasal delivery technologies for precise and controlled dosing of cannabinoids.
Apotheca Biosciences is a pioneering biotech company with an emphasis in research and development in addition to the creation of high-grade nutraceuticals and cosmetics. Apothecias goal is to lay the groundwork and continue research of cannabinoid receptiveness in patients and create nutraceuticals that reflects their research.
More information on Apotheca Biosciences can be found at: http://www.apothecabiosciences.com/
The Parties project the formal closing for the transaction to occur on May 15, 2018, with the release block of control shares. The Company will file a combined audited financial statement under SEC guidelines.
