Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
(i)
Closing of the Exchange Agreement with EPOINT Payment Corp. and with Fintech Holdings LLC.
On February 15, 2018, Genesis Financial, Inc. (Genesis Financial) completed the transactions contemplated by the previously disclosed Capital Stock Exchange Agreement entered into as of September 8, 2017, as subsequently amended (the Epoint Exchange Agreement), by Genesis Financial and EPOINT Payment Corp., a Delaware corporation (Epoint). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, Genesis Financial issued to the Epoint stockholders an aggregate of 8,231,536 (post-reverse split) shares of its common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Parent Common Stock) and in exchange for all of their capital holdings in Epoint.
At the closing, Genesis Financial also issued warrants to purchase up to an additional 2,815,250 shares of Parent Common Stock (the Parent Warrants) in exchange for an equal number of Epoint common stock warrants. Of these, Parent Warrants for 845,000 shares were issued to former Epoint shareholders and are exercisable through February 12, 2028 at a per share exercise price of $3.00 and Parent Warrants for 1,970,250 Parent Common Stock, which are exercisable through February 12, 2023 at a per share exercise price of $3.00, were issued to certain partners, associates, and designees of Whitestone Investment Network, Inc. (Whitestone), a mergers and acquisition advisory group which was instrumental in introducing the management of Epoint to Genesis Financial and to SmartPay (discussed further below in this current report under this Item 2.01), and in structuring the Epoint Exchange Agreement, the Fintech Exchange Agreement (discussed further below) and the agreement with SmartPay.
Prior to the closing of the Epoint Exchange Agreement, several accredited investors provided Epoint with working capital comprised of $1.9 million in principal amount of unsecured convertible and non-convertible loans as described below in the following three paragraphs.
Epoint issued to five accredited investors six-month unsecured non-convertible promissory notes bearing interest at 6% per annum in the aggregate principal amount of $1.55 million, with maturity dates between May 20, 2018 and July 4, 2018.
In addition, Epoint entered into convertible loan agreements with two accredited investors pursuant to which it issued unsecured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal of $250,000, which principal and accrued interest were converted at the closing of the Epoint Exchange Agreement into 100,000 shares of Parent Common Stock at a deemed conversion rate of $2.50 per share.
Finally, Epoint entered into a convertible loan agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which it issued unsecured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal of $100,000 which are scheduled to mature on December 31, 2018 and bearing interest at 10% per annum. The principal and interest under these notes are convertible, at any time at the option of the holder, into Parent Common Stock at a per share price equal to $2.50 or, automatically convert, upon the public offering of Parent Common Stock, at a per share price equal to 70% of the price per share at such offering or, in the absence of an offering, at a per share price equal to 70% of the trading price of the Parent Company Common Stock for the five trading days immediately preceding the maturity date.
In anticipation of the transactions contemplated by the Epoint Exchange Agreement and as required under the terms thereof, on December 12, 2017 Genesis Financial implemented a 1-for-20 reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of the Parent Common Stock (the Reverse Split) immediately
2
following the effectiveness of which every 20 issued and outstanding shares of the Parents Common Stock automatically converted into one share of the Parents Common Stock. All fractional interests resulting from the Reverse Split were rounded up to the nearest whole number. All share figures represented in this current report are reported on post Reverse Split basis.
Immediately following the closing of the Epoint Exchange Agreement, on February 15, 2018, Genesis Financial and Fintech Holdings LLC (Fintech LLC) an Oregon limited liability company, signed and closed a Membership Interest Exchange Agreement between Genesis Financial and Fintech LLC (the Fintech Exchange Agreement) pursuant to which Genesis Financial issued to the members of Fintech an aggregate of 26,435,604 shares of Parent Common Stock. Fintech Investments Inc., the wholly owned subsidiary of Fintech LLC (Fintech Investments) and a company formerly owned and operated by Gary Larkin, the newly appointed Executive Co-Chairman of Genesis Financial, is a substantial provider to Epoint of all mobile connectivity, third party product partner integrated support, core platform development, software and integrated technologies systems support.
Following the closing of the Epoint Exchange Agreement and the subsequent Fintech Exchange Agreement (hereinafter Closings), Gary Larkin, the Chief Executive Officer and sole director of Epoint, was appointed as Executive Co-Chairman of the Genesis Financial Board of Directors and Roy Rose, the Chief Executive Officer and a current director, was appointed as Co-Chairman and Murray Smith was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Each of Messrs. Larkin, Rose and Smith entered into employment agreements with Genesis Financial, effective as of the Closings. At the Closings, each of Mr. John Coghlan, a director and formerly chief financial officer, Ms. Virginia Walters, a director and treasurer and secretary, and Clint Lohman, a director, resigned from all positions with the Company.
Ms
. Virginia Walters, a director and treasurer and secretary, and Clint Lohman, a director, resigned from all positions with the Company.
See Item 8.01 below of this current report under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management for disclosures relating to the shareholdings of Genesis Financial by each of Gary Larkin, the Executive Co-Chairman, and Roy Rose, the Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman, following the Closing, disclosures under the caption Directors and Executive Officers for information relating to the employment arrangements entered into by Genesis Financial and each of Roy Rose, Gary Larkin and Murray Smith, and Related Party Transactions for additional disclosures relating to Gary Larkin.
In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification section 805, Business Combinations, Genesis Financial will account for the transaction as a reverse business combination using the acquisition method. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that will be reflected in Genesis Financials consolidated financial statements going forward will be those of Epoint and Fintech LLC and will be recorded at the historical cost basis of Epoint and Fintech LLC.
The shares of Parent Common Stock and Parent Warrants issued at the Closings were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and were in each case offered, sold and issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4 (a) (2) of the Securities Act, as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering, and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Each of the former stockholders of Epoint and unit holders of Fintech LLC represented that it was an accredited investor as such term is defined under Rule 501 and each of the certificates or instruments evidencing the shares of Parent Common Stock and/or warrants to acquire additional shares of Parent Common Stock issued to the former stockholders of Epoint and unit holders of Fintech LLC will bear a legend to the effect that the resale of such shares require registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Following the Closings, each of Epoint and Fintech LLC became wholly owned subsidiaries of Genesis Financial. The diagram below represents the corporate structure of Genesis Financial following the Closings.
3
Corporate structure of Genesis Financial after the Closings (diagram above).
Prior to the Closings, Genesis Financial was engaged in the business of buying and selling seller financed real estate loans and originating commercial real estate loans and providing start-up funding (the Prior Business). In connection with the Closings and as mandated by the terms of the Epoint Exchange Agreement, Genesis Financial and the Coghlan Family Corporation (the Coghlan Family Corporation), an entity controlled by John R. Coghlan, one of directors and the holder of the majority of the outstanding debt of Genesis Financial prior to the Closings, entered into an agreement with Genesis Financial pursuant to which the Coghlan Family Corporation agreed, at a mutually agreeable date after the Closings, to assume and otherwise discharge all of Genesis Financials outstanding debt, except for a loan of $100,000 payable to Coghlan Family Corporation (the CFC Loan), in consideration of the transfer to it by Genesis Financial of the assets related to the Prior Business (the Purchase and Sale Agreement). The CFC loan bears interest at an annual rate of 6% and matures on May 15, 2018. The CFC Loan provides that on the date of maturity Genesis Financial will issue to Coghlan Family Corporation 40,000 shares of Parent Common Stock , representing a ratio of one share for each $2.50 of CFC Loan principal.
Following the Closings and related transactions, there were outstanding 35,646,890 shares of Parent Common Stock and Parent Warrants for an additional 2,815,250 shares of Parent Common Stock.
The foregoing description of the Epoint Exchange Agreement does not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the complete text of the Epoint Exchange Agreement and subsequent amendments thereto filed as exhibits to pervious Current Reports on Form 8-K. The foregoing description of the Fintech Exchange Agreement, the Parent Warrants and the Purchase and Sale Agreement does not purport to be complete and is in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Fintech Exchange Agreement, the form of Parent Warrants and the Purchase and Sale Agreement filed as Exhibits 10.1, 4.1 and 10.7, respectively, to this current report.
Following the Closings, Genesis Financial relocated its executive offices to 11920 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 200, Las Vegas, Nevada 89141.
4
(ii)
The Execution of the Agreement with SmartPay Leasing LLC.
On February 15, 2018, Epoint entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the SmartPay MIPA) with WNLI Holdings, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Ohio (Seller), and Smartpay Leasing LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (SmartPay), pursuant to which Epoint agreed to purchase from the Seller all of the outstanding membership interests of SmartPay for consideration of $48.5 million in cash and the assumption by Epoint of certain specified liabilities of SmartPay. Under the terms of the SmartPay MIPA, Epoint is permitted to assign to Genesis Financial, all of its rights under the agreement.
SmartPay is a technology-driven company that partners with the leading wireless retailers and prepaid phone carriers nationwide providing innovative mobile device leasing solutions. SmartPay enables individuals to obtain mobile devices, accessories and related products, both online and in-store with products applicable to a wide spectrum of consumer credit profiles.
The SmartPay MIPA contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnification provisions, including, among others, a covenant that requires SmartPay to conduct its business in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice and to comply with certain covenants regarding the operations of its business from the date of the execution of the SmartPay MIPA until closing.
The closing of the transactions contemplated under the SmartPay MIPA is subject to customary closing conditions, including the raising by Genesis Financial of approximately $60 million to cover the purchase price, related costs and continuing operations. Genesis Financial had previously entered into an agreement with a leading investment bank to raise the necessary amounts. Genesis Financial currently has no commitments from any party for the needed amounts and no assurance can be provided that Genesis Financial will be able to raise the necessary amount on commercial terms acceptable to Genesis Financial.
The SmartPay MIPA provides for certain termination rights of the parties, including termination by a party if the closing does not occur on or before May 15, 2018.
SmartPay was founded in 2015 and is based in San Francisco, California.
If Genesis Financial successfully consummates the acquisition of SmartPay as contemplated by the terms of the SmartPay MIPA, of which no guarantee can be provided, then it is planned that SmartPay will operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Genesis Financial. Assuming Genesis Financial consummates the SmartPay acquisition, the following diagram represents the corporate structure of Genesis Financial post acquisition of SmartPay.
5
Pro Forma Corporate structure of Genesis Financial post-closing of the SmartPay acquisition (diagram below)
The foregoing descriptions of the SmartPay MIPA do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the complete text of the SmartPay MIPA attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2.
