Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On February 6, 2018, pursuant to the terms of a Transaction Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2017 (the Transaction Agreement), Clopay Ames True Temper Holding Corp. and Clopay Plastic Products Company, Inc. (Clopay Plastics), both wholly-owned subsidiaries of Griffon Corporation (Griffon), completed the sale of Clopay Plastics to Berry Global, Inc. (Buyer) for a purchase price of $475 million in cash, subject to certain post-closing adjustments as set forth in the Transaction Agreement (the Transaction). The book value of Clopay Plastics was approximately $312 million as of December 31, 2017 which will result in an approximate $139 million gain on sale as follows:
Purchase price $475 Assets held for sale 378 Liabilities held for sale (85) Removal of third party debt 22 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 21 Book value 336 Estimated gain $139 (note: dollars in millions)
$
475
Assets held for sale 378
378
Liabilities held for sale (85)
(85
)
Removal of third party debt 22
22
Accumulated other comprehensive loss 21
21
Book value 336
336
Estimated gain $139
$
139
(note: dollars in millions)
The above gain is subject to finalization of accounts as of February 6, 2018 and any post-closing adjustments as mentioned above, and does not contemplate any tax effects of the Transaction.
Incorporation by Reference
The foregoing description of the Transaction Agreement and the Transaction has been included to provide investors and security holders with information regarding the terms of the Transaction Agreement and the Transaction. Such description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Transaction Agreement. A copy of the Transaction Agreement was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Griffons Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 21, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.
The Transaction Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the parties thereto made to each other as of specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were made solely for purposes of the Transaction Agreement between the parties thereto and may be subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by such parties in connection with negotiating the terms thereof. The representations and warranties may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality that may be different from what may be viewed as material to investors or security holders, or may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather than establishing matters of fact. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Transaction Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Griffons public disclosures. For the foregoing reasons, no person should rely on the representations and warranties as statements of factual information at the time they were made or otherwise.
