Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously disclosed, on December 17, 2017, The Hershey Company (Hershey), Alphabet Merger Sub Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Hershey (Purchaser), and Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. (Amplify) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement).
Purchaser
Amplify
Merger Agreement
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Purchaser commenced a cash tender offer (the Offer) to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Amplify (the Shares) at a price per share equal to $12.00, net to seller in cash, without interest, subject to any withholding of taxes required by applicable law. At 12:00 midnight, New York City time, at the end of Tuesday, January 30, 2018, the Offer expired. American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the depositary for the Offer, has advised Purchaser that, as of the expiration of the Offer, a total of approximately 71,970,009 Shares, representing approximately 95.1391% of Amplifys currently outstanding Shares, were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Offer, including 1,849,932 Shares tendered pursuant to guaranteed delivery procedures. As of the expiration of the Offer, the number of Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer satisfied the minimum tender condition of the Offer, and all other conditions to the Offer were satisfied or waived. Immediately after the expiration of the Offer, Purchaser irrevocably accepted for payment, and will promptly pay for, all Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to the expiration time of the Offer.
Shares
Following completion of the Offer on January 31, 2018, Hershey completed the acquisition of Amplify through the merger of Purchaser with and into Amplify (the Merger). Following the effective time of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of Purchaser ceased and Amplify became a wholly owned subsidiary of Hershey.
In connection with the closing of the Offer and the Merger, Hershey paid an aggregate consideration of approximately $908 million for the Shares, not including related transaction fees and expenses. Hershey funded these payments with available cash on hand.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Hersheys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 18, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.
