Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On March 26, 2018, IDT Corporation (IDT or the Registrant) completed the spin-off of certain commercial real estate assets and interests in clinical and early stage pharmaceutical companies into Rafael Holdings, Inc. (Rafael). The registration statement on Form 10-12G (the Registration Statement) filed by Rafael under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 became effective on December 30, 2017. The Registration Statement includes detailed information about Rafael, the spin-off and related matters. An information statement setting forth the details of the spin-off (the Information Statement) is being mailed to stockholders of the Registrant on or about March 27, 2018. The Information Statement can be found on the investors relations page of the Registrants website at http://ir.idt.net. Approval of the Spin-Off by the Registrants stockholders was not required.
IDT also transferred assets to Rafael such that, at the time of the spin-off, Rafael had approximately $43.8 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $1.2 million in current notes receivable, approximately $4.0 million in interests in hedge funds and $2.0 million in securities in another entity that are not liquid. The real estate assets and pharmaceutical interests will be operated as separate lines of business. The commercial real estate holdings consist of IDTs headquarters building and its associated garage in Newark, New Jersey, an operations facility in Piscataway, New Jersey and a portion of a building in Israel that hosts offices for IDT and its affiliates. The pharmaceutical holdings include debt and equity interests in Rafael Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Rafael Pharmaceuticals), which is a clinical stage, oncology-focused pharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of therapies that exploit the metabolic differences between normal cells and cancer cells, and an equity interest in Lipomedix Pharmaceuticals Ltd., an early stage, pharmaceutical development company based in Israel. The real estate assets and pharmaceutical holdings were not germane to IDTs communications and payment services businesses. Following the spin-off, IDTs business will consist principally of IDT Telecoms core communications, payment services and related businesses. The Registrant effected the spin-off by distributing one share of Rafael Class A common stock for every two shares of IDT Class A common stock and one share of Rafael Class B common stock for every two shares of IDT Class B common stock held of record as of March 13, 2018, the record date for the spin-off. In connection with the completion of the spin-off, unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information of the Company is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
As of March 27, 2018, there were a total of approximately 1.6 million shares of the Registrants Class A common stock and approximately 23.3 million shares of the Registrants Class B common stock outstanding.
Rafaels Class B common stock is listed on the NYSE American under the symbol RFL.
