Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The Offer and withdrawal rights expired as scheduled at 12:00 midnight, Eastern Time, at the end of the day on Wednesday, February 7, 2018 (such date and time, the Expiration Time). Citibank, N.A., the depositary for the Offer (the Depositary), advised that, as of the Expiration Time, 57,372,887 Shares had been validly tendered (excluding all Shares delivered pursuant to guaranteed delivery instructions for which certificates have not yet been delivered) and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, representing approximately 84.71% of the outstanding Shares as of the Expiration Time. In addition, the Depositary advised that, as of the Expiration Time, Notices of Guaranteed Delivery had been delivered for 3,453,623 Shares, representing approximately 5.10% of the outstanding Shares as of the Expiration Time. Accordingly, the minimum tender condition to the Offer was satisfied. As a result of the satisfaction of the foregoing condition and each of the other conditions to the Offer, on February 8, 2018, Purchaser accepted for payment all Shares that were validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer.
On February 8, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), Purchaser was merged with and into the Company, with the Company being the surviving corporation (the Merger). Upon completion of the Merger, the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.
At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each outstanding Share, other than any Shares owned by Parent, Purchaser, or the Company or any of their respective wholly owned subsidiaries, or by stockholders who have validly exercised their appraisal rights under the DGCL, was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Offer Price, payable to the holder thereof on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement.
Each stock option outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether or not vested, became fully exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time. To the extent not exercised prior to the Effective Time, each stock option was converted into the right to receive the excess, if any, of the Offer Price over the exercise price per share of the stock option, multiplied by the number of Shares subject to the stock option. Each restricted stock unit outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically accelerated and vested in full and was canceled and the holder became entitled to receive the Merger Consideration multiplied by the number of Shares subject to such restricted stock unit. Each warrant to purchase Shares immediately prior to the Effective Time was
canceled and the holder became entitled to receive the excess, if any, of the Offer Price over the exercise price per share of the warrant, multiplied by the number of Shares subject to such warrant. The aggregate consideration paid by Parent and Purchaser in the Offer and Merger was approximately $1.9 billion, without giving effect to related transaction fees and expenses or cash on hand of the Company. Parent provided Purchaser with sufficient cash to consummate the Offer and the Merger.
The foregoing summary of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on December 22, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.
