Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On January 29, 2018, Monster Digital, Inc. (the Company), completed its reverse recapitalization with Innovate Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., which changed its name in connection with the transaction to IB Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Innovate), in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of July 3, 2017, by and among the Company, Monster Merger Sub., Inc. (Merger Sub), and Innovate (the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Innovate, with Innovate surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger).
Innovate
Merger Sub
Merger Agreement
Also, on January 29, 2018, in connection with and immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), the Company (i) effected a reverse stock split at a ratio of one new share for every ten shares of its common stock outstanding (the Reverse Stock Split), (ii) increased the number of authorized shares of the Companys common stock from 100,000,000 to 350,000,000 and (iii) changed its name to Innovate Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. Following the completion of the Merger, the business conducted by the Company became primarily the business conducted by Innovate, which is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing novel autoimmune/inflammation therapeutic drugs.
Reverse Stock Split
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Innovates stockholders, at an exchange ratio of 0.37813802 of a share of common stock (post Reverse Stock Split), in exchange for each share of Innovate common stock outstanding as of the Effective Time. The Company also assumed all of the stock options issued and outstanding under the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the Innovate Plan), with such stock options henceforth representing the right to purchase a number of shares of the Companys common stock equal to 0.37813802 multiplied by the number of shares of Innovates common stock previously represented by such stock options.
Immediately prior to the Merger, Innovate issued and sold an aggregate of approximately $18.1 million of shares of Innovate common stock, including the conversion of $9,229,819 in outstanding convertible debt, to certain current stockholders of Innovate and certain new investors. Additionally, Innovate issued five-year warrants to each cash purchaser of common stock with a price per exercise price of $3.1764 after giving effect the exchange ratio.
Immediately following the Effective Time, there were approximately 25.8 million shares of the Companys common stock outstanding. Immediately following the Effective Time, the former Innovate security holders owned approximately 94% of the fully-diluted common stock of the Company, with the Companys security holders immediately prior to the Merger owning approximately 6% of the fully-diluted common stock of the Company.
The Companys shares of common stock, which were previously listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market and traded through the close of business on January 31, 2018 under the ticker symbol MSDI, commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market, under the symbol INNT on February 1, 2018. The Companys common stock has a new CUSIP number, 45782F105.
The descriptions of the Merger and Merger Agreement included herein are not complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference.
On January 30, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
