ITEM 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On February 28, 2018, pursuant to the previously announced Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated January 27, 2018, by and among the Company, SingleHop, the members of SingleHop set forth therein and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (the Agreement), the Company acquired all of the membership interests in SingleHop. The purchase price for the transaction was $132 million, and the estimated net working capital of SingleHop at closing resulted in an upward adjustment of $0.7 million, subject to a further post-closing adjustment upward or downward upon finalization of the SingleHop closing date balance sheet. Financing for the acquisition was provided through the proceeds of the Incremental Term Loan under the Third Amendment and cash on the balance sheet.
The foregoing summary description of the Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The Company has attached the Agreement to provide information about the terms contained therein, and the Agreement is not intended to provide any factual information about any party thereto. Specifically, the Agreement contains a number of representations and warranties which the parties thereto have made to each other. The assertions made in those representations and warranties are qualified by information in confidential disclosure schedules which have not been provided as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Such representations and warranties were used for the purpose of allocating risk, both known and unknown, among the parties to the Agreement rather than to make affirmative factual claims or statements. Accordingly, you should not rely on the representations and warranties as current characterizations of factual information, or as definitively stating actual facts, with respect to any parties to the Agreement.
ITEM 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
