Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On December 29, 2017 at 5:00 p.m., New York City time (the Distribution Date), Liberty Global plc (the Company) completed its previously-announced split-off (the Split-Off) of its former wholly-owned subsidiary Liberty Latin America Ltd. (Splitco).
Distribution Date
), Liberty Global plc (the 
Company
) completed its previously-announced split-off (the 
Split-Off
) of its former wholly-owned subsidiary Liberty Latin America Ltd. (
Splitco
).
The Split-Off was accomplished by (i) the distribution by the Company to holders of its LiLAC ordinary shares of all of Splticos common shares and (ii) immediately following the distribution, the LiLAC ordinary shares were redesignated as deferred shares (with virtually no economic rights) and those deferred shares were transferred for no consideration to a third-party designee, in each case, in accordance with the Companys articles of association and applicable law. Pursuant to the Split-Off, the Company distributed to holders of its LiLAC ordinary shares, as a dividend, (i) one Class A common share, par value $0.01 per share, of Splitco for each Class A LiLAC ordinary share, (ii) one Class B common share, par value $0.01 per share, of Splitco for each Class B LiLAC ordinary share and (iii) one Class C common share, par value $0.01 per share, of Splitco for each Class C LiLAC ordinary share, in each case, held by such holder as of the Distribution Date (the Distribution). As a result of the Split-Off, Splitco is an independent, publicly traded company and its assets and liabilities consist of the businesses, assets and liabilities that were formerly attributed to the Companys LiLAC Group, including Cable & Wireless Communications Limited, VTR.com SpA, a 60% ownership interest in Liberty Cablevision of Puerto Rico LLC and related cash and cash equivalents and indebtedness.
). As a result of the Split-Off, Splitco is an independent, publicly traded company and its assets and liabilities consist of the businesses, assets and liabilities that were formerly attributed to the Companys LiLAC Group, including Cable & Wireless Communications Limited, VTR.com SpA, a 60% ownership interest in Liberty Cablevision of Puerto Rico LLC and related cash and cash equivalents and indebtedness.
In connection with the Split-Off, the Company entered into a Reorganization Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, between the Company and Splitco, which provides for, among other things, the principal corporate transactions (including the internal restructuring) required to effect the Split-Off, certain conditions to the Split-Off and provisions governing the relationship between the Company and Splitco with respect to and resulting from the Split-Off.
The section of the prospectus forming a part of Amendment No. 1 to Splitcos Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2017 (File No. 333-221608), entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions-Relationships Between Splitco and Liberty Global, which describes the material terms of the Reorganization Agreement, is incorporated herein by reference. This description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Reorganization Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions-Relationships Between Splitco and Liberty Global
, which describes the material terms of the Reorganization Agreement, is incorporated herein by reference. This description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Reorganization Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
