Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On January 5, 2018, The Medicines Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company), completed the previously disclosed sale of its infectious disease business (the "Business"), including the products Vabomere, Orbactiv and Minocin IV and line extensions thereof, and substantially all of the assets related thereto, other than certain pre-clinical assets, to Melinta Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Melinta) pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated November 28, 2017 (the Purchase Agreement) by and between Melinta and the Company (the "Transaction"). At the closing of the Transaction, the Company received approximately $166.4 million and 3,313,702 shares of Melinta common stock having a market value, based on Melinta's closing share price on January 5, 2018 of approximately $54.5 million. In addition, the Company is entitled to receive (i) a cash payment payable 12 months following the closing of the Transaction equal to $25 million; (ii) a cash payment payable 18 months following the closing of the Transaction equal to $25 million; and (iii) tiered royalty payments of 5% to 25% on worldwide net sales of (a) Vabomere and (b) Orbactiv and Minocin IV collectively. The consideration for the Transaction also included the assumption by Melinta of all royalty, milestone and other payment obligations relating to Vabomere, Orbactiv and Minocin IV. The full text of the press release issued by the Company in connection with the closing of the Transaction is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
5
, 2018, The Medicines Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company), completed the previously disclosed sale of its infectious disease business (the "Business"), including the products Vabomere, Orbactiv and Minocin IV and line extensions thereof, and substantially all of the assets related thereto, other than certain pre-clinical assets, to Melinta Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Melinta) pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated November 28, 2017 (the Purchase Agreement) by and between Melinta and the Company (the "Transaction"). At the closing of the Transaction, the Company received approximately
$166.4 millio
n and 3,313,702 shares of Melinta common stock having a market value, based on Melinta's closing share price on January 5, 2018 of approximately $54.5 million. In addition, the Company is entitled to receive (i) a cash payment payable 12 months following the closing of the Transaction equal to $25 million; (ii) a cash payment payable 18 months following the closing of the Transaction equal to $25 million; and (iii) tiered royalty payments of 5% to 25% on worldwide net sales of (a) Vabomere and (b) Orbactiv and Minocin IV collectively. The consideration for the Transaction also included the assumption by Melinta of all royalty, milestone and other payment obligations relating to Vabomere, Orbactiv and Minocin IV. The full text of the press release issued by the Company in connection with the closing of the Transaction is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
In connection with the completion of the sale of the Business, the Company is filing as Exhibit 99.2 hereto certain pro forma financial information giving pro forma effect to the sale of the Business as of the dates indicated therein.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
