Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
History and Background.
On December 28, 2017, the Registrant changed its name from "Intercontinental Technology, Inc." to "RCGR SUB, Inc." and, in the process, redomesticated itself from Colorado to Delaware. Immediately following such redomestication, the Registrant completed a corporate reorganization pursuant to which RCGR Sub, Inc., as previously constituted, became a direct, totally-held subsidiary of a newly formed Delaware corporation, named "First Intercontinental Technology, Inc." ("Holdco"), which, in accordance with the terms of that certain reorganization, became the successor issuer. That certain reorganization became effective by a merger conducted pursuant to Section 251(g) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), which provides for the formation of a holding company without a vote of the stockholders of the constituent corporations ("Reorganization").
The Reorganization was completed pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger among the Registrant, Holdco, and a Merger Sub, dated December 26, 2017 (the "Merger Agreement").
A description of the series of transactions, i.e., our redomestication from Colorado to Delaware, the incorporation of Holdco and Merger Sub, the Merger, and Reorganization, were described in Item 1.01 of the Current Report on Form 8-K (in reliance of Section 12(g)(3) of the Exchange Act) filed by the Registrant on December 27, 2017, and to the extent required by Item 1.02 and Item 2.01 of Form 8-K, the description of the series of transactions, including the exhibits that were heretofore filed, are incorporated by reference herein.
Annulment and Vitiation of Transactions in Delaware.
On February 16, 2018, the Registrant's Board of Directors voted to annul and vitiate the series of transactions in Delaware; specifically, by filing certificates of correction with Delaware's Secretary of State (a) to annul and vitiate the Registrant's redomestication from Colorado to Delaware, ab initio, (b) to annual and vitiate the incorporation in the State of Delaware by the Registrant of Holdco, ab initio, (c) to annul and vitiate Holdco's incorporation in the State of Delaware of Merger Sub, ab initio, and (d) to annul and vitiate the Merger and Reorganization in Delaware among the Registrant, Holdco, and Merger Sub, ab initio.
The Registrant's Board of Directors concluded that the corporate actions were prematurely filed in error and that the regulatory review and approval of the notification of corporate actions submitted by the Registrant to FINRA and DTCC, respectively, would not be timely obtained, based on information and belief. Moreover, the Registrant's Board of Directors determined the expense to continue the notification process to FINRA and DTCC would be greater than initially anticipated and that completing the Merger and Reorganization would not serve our best interests nor those of our shareholders.
On February 20, 2018, we received a notice from FINRA indicating that it reviewed our Delaware filings in respect of the foregoing statements and filings, and, consequently, closed out our prior notification of corporation actions related thereto without taking any further action and with no further obligation on our part.
2
We were responsible to bear the costs and expenses in connection with the terminated series of transactions, as well as for the costs and expenses to effect them in the first place.
The foregoing summary of the respective and collective annulments and vitiations is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete texts of those certificates of correction the Registrant filed with the Delaware Secretary of State, which are attached as Exhibits 99.1, 99.2, 99.3, 99.4, and 99.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference in their entirety.
