Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On the Closing Date, Mosaic completed the Purchase in accordance with the Stock Purchase Agreement. The Purchase was effected through the acquisition by Mosaic of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of VF. The aggregate consideration paid by Mosaic to the Sellers at the closing of the Purchase was comprised of (i) approximately $1.10 billion in cash (after giving effect to certain adjustments based on matters such as the estimated working capital and indebtedness balances of VF at the time of closing), which amount may be adjusted following the closing of the Purchase in accordance with the Stock Purchase Agreement to reflect actual balances at the time of closing, and (ii) 34,176,574 shares of Mosaic common stock, par value $0.01 per share issued and delivered to Vale and Vale Netherlands. The cash portion of the purchase price paid on the Closing Date was funded with a portion of the proceeds of the $1.25 billion underwritten offering that Mosaic completed on November 13, 2017 pursuant to an underwriting agreement with BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as representatives of the several underwriters named in Schedule A thereto, as described in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Mosaic with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 13, 2017.
SEC
) on November 13, 2017.
VF and its subsidiaries (collectively, the VF Group) conduct global phosphate and potash operations, including facilities and projects in the provinces of Minas Gerais, Gois, Sergipe and So Paulo, Brazil, and Saskatchewan, Canada. Prior to the closing of the Purchase, the VF Group also operated certain industrial complexes located in the City of Cubato (the Cubato Business). The Cubato Business was not included in the Purchase and was instead transferred to affiliates of the Sellers prior to the closing of the Purchase. As part of the Purchase, Mosaic acquired the Sellers 40% economic interest in the joint venture which owns the Miski Mayo phosphate rock mine in the Bayovar region of Peru, in which Mosaic already holds a 35% economic interest on the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and Vales potash project at Kronau, Saskatchewan. In addition, Mosaic agreed to transfer to Vale certain of the shares held by it in a non-wholly owned subsidiary of VF that operates the TIPLAM port. In connection with the closing of the Purchase, affiliates of Mosaic and Vale entered into various commercial arrangements for the provision of transition services and other transition matters for certain periods of time following the closing of the Purchase.
VF Group
) conduct global phosphate and potash operations, including facilities and projects in the provinces of Minas Gerais, Gois, Sergipe and So Paulo, Brazil, and Saskatchewan, Canada. Prior to the closing of the Purchase, the VF Group also operated certain industrial complexes located in the City of Cubato (the 
Cubato Business
). The Cubato Business was not included in the Purchase and was instead transferred to affiliates of the Sellers prior to the closing of the Purchase. As part of the Purchase, Mosaic acquired the Sellers 40% economic interest in the joint venture which owns the Miski Mayo phosphate rock mine in the Bayovar region of Peru, in which Mosaic already holds a 35% economic interest on the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and Vales potash project at Kronau, Saskatchewan. In addition, Mosaic agreed to transfer to Vale certain of the shares held by it in a non-wholly owned subsidiary of VF that operates the TIPLAM port. In connection with the closing of the Purchase, affiliates of Mosaic and Vale entered into various commercial arrangements for the provision of transition services and other transition matters for certain periods of time following the closing of the Purchase.
The foregoing description of the Stock Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to (i) the full text of the Original Stock Purchase Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Mosaic with the SEC on December 19, 2016 and (ii) the full text of the Letter Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Mosaic with the SEC on January 2, 2018, each of which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 3.02.Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.
