Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On January 1, 2018, National Bank Holdings Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), completed the acquisition (the Acquisition) of all of the outstanding shares of Peoples, Inc., a Kansas corporation (Peoples), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Peoples, the Company, the Significant Stockholders (as defined therein) and Winton A. Winter, Jr., solely in his capacity as the Holders Representative (the Merger Agreement). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate consideration in the Acquisition was 3,398,477 shares of the Companys class A common stock (Stock Consideration) and approximately $36.2 million in cash. Of the cash consideration to be received by Peoples shareholders in connection with the Acquisition, $10.0 million was set aside in escrow for the purposes of funding certain future indemnity claims for a period of three years. In connection with the approval of the transaction by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Significant Stockholders (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of Peoples who received Stock Consideration of 3,169,082 shares, representing in the aggregate approximately 10.5% of the Companys shares outstanding following the Acquisition, committed to reducing their ownership in the Company to no more than five percent of the Companys outstanding shares within 18 months following the completion of the Acquisition.
Company
), completed the acquisition (the 
Acquisition
) of all of the outstanding shares of Peoples, Inc., a Kansas corporation (
), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Peoples, the Company, the Significant Stockholders (as defined therein) and Winton A. Winter, Jr., solely in his capacity as the Holders Representative (the 
Merger Agreement
). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate consideration in the Acquisition was 3,398,477 shares of the Companys class A common stock (
Stock Consideration
) and approximately $36.2 million in cash. Of the cash consideration to be received by Peoples shareholders in connection with the Acquisition, $10.0 million was set aside in escrow for the purposes of funding certain future indemnity claims for a period of three years. In connection with the approval of the transaction by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Significant Stockholders (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of Peoples who received Stock Consideration of 3,169,082 shares, representing in the aggregate approximately
10.5
% of the Companys shares outstanding following the Acquisition, committed to reducing their ownership in the Company to no more than five percent of the Companys outstanding shares within 18 months following the completion of the Acquisition.
Item 3.02Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.
