Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Permian Basin Acquisition
As previously disclosed on December 11, 2017, the Company and Oasis Petroleum Permian LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Purchase and Sale agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Forge, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase from Forge leasehold interests and related assets in the Permian Basin (the Permian Basin Acquisition). On February 14, 2018, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the Permian Basin Acquisition for aggregate consideration consisting of $549.8 million in cash, inclusive of the $47.3 million deposit paid in December 2017, and 46 million shares of the Companys common stock (the Purchase Price). The incremental consideration reflects consideration for additional net mineral acres and post effective date adjustments. Upon closing of the Permian Basin Acquisition, the Company has approximately 22,000 net acres in the Delaware Basin.
Purchase Agreement
) with Forge, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase from Forge leasehold interests and related assets in the Permian Basin (the 
Permian Basin Acquisition
). On February 14, 2018, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the Permian Basin Acquisition for aggregate consideration consisting of $549.8 million in cash, inclusive of the $47.3 million deposit paid in December 2017, and 46 million shares of the Companys common stock (the 
Purchase Price
). The incremental consideration reflects consideration for additional net mineral acres and post effective date adjustments. Upon closing of the Permian Basin Acquisition, the Company has approximately 22,000 net acres in the Delaware Basin.
The Company funded the cash portion of the Purchase Price of the Permian Basin Acquisition with proceeds from the Companys December 2017 issuance of its common stock and borrowings under its revolving credit facility.
The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Purchase Agreement, which was previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.
