Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition.
Tsugaru PEG LP Purchase and Sale Agreement and Tsugaru GPI Purchase and Sale Agreement
On March 7, 2018 (the Closing Date), Pattern Energy consummated the transactions contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Tsugaru PEG LP PSA, incorporated by reference herein as Exhibit 10.2) with Pattern Energy Group LP, a Delaware limited partnership (PEG LP), and the Purchase and Sale Agreement (incorporated by reference herein as Exhibit 10.3, together with the Tsugaru PEG LP PSA, the Tsugaru PSAs) with Green Power Investment Corporation, a Japanese corporation and controlled affiliate of PEG LP as of the time the transactions contemplated under such Purchase and Sale Agreement were consummated (GPI).
Tsugaru PEG LP PSA
Tsugaru PSAs
GPI
Green Power Tsugaru GK, a Japanese godo kaisha (the Tsugaru Project Company) is currently constructing the Tsugaru wind project located in Aomori Prefecture, Japan, with an expected name plate capacity of 122 MW, which is expected to commence commercial operations in mid-2020.
Tsugaru Project Company
Pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Tsugaru PSAs, on the Closing Date, Pattern Energy purchased (i) 95% of the equity interests in the Tsugaru Project Company from a wholly owned subsidiary of PEG LP and (ii) 5% of the equity interests in the Tsugaru Project Company directly from GPI (together, the Tsugaru Transactions). Pattern Energy paid to PEG LP and GPI $48.4 million in the aggregate as consideration in the Tsugaru Transactions. Shortly after the Closing Date, Pattern Energy intends to contribute an additional approximately $31.3 million of equity into the Tsugaru Project Company (resulting in total payments of approximately $79.7 million). Following the date on which the construction loan is converted into a term loan, or if such conversion does not occur, the date on which commercial operations of the Tsugaru wind project commences, approximately 12.567 billion (subject to certain adjustments), in the aggregate, shall be paid to PEG LP and GPI. After giving effect to the Tsugaru Transactions, Pattern Energy currently owns 100% of the equity interests in the Tsugaru Project Company.
Kanagi, Ohorayama and Futtsu PEG LP Purchase and Sale Agreement and Kanagi, Ohorayama and Otsuki GPI Purchase and Sale Agreement
On March 7, 2018, Pattern Energy consummated the transactions contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Kanagi, Ohorayama and Futtsu PEG LP PSA, incorporated by reference herein as Exhibit 10.4) with PEG LP related to the purchase of interests in GK Green Power Kanagi, a Japanese godo kaisha (the Kanagi Project Company), GK Green Power Otsuki, a Japanese godo kaisha (the Ohorayama Project Company) and GK Green Power Futtsu, a Japanese godo kaisha (the Futtsu Project Company), in each case, from wholly owned subsidiaries of PEG LP. Also on March 7, 2018, Pattern Energy consummated the transactions contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement (incorporated by reference herein as Exhibit 10.5, together with the Kanagi, Ohorayama and Futtsu PEG LP PSA, the 84 MW PSAs) with GPI related to the purchase of interests in the Kanagi Project Company, the Ohorayama Project Company and Otsuki Wind Power Corporation, a Japanese kabushiki kaisha (the Otsuki Project Company), in each case, directly from GPI.
godo kaisha
Kanagi Project Company
godo kaisha
Ohorayama Project Company
godo kaisha
Futtsu Project Company
84 MW PSAs
kabushiki kaisha
Otsuki Project Company
The Kanagi Project Company is operating the Kanagi solar project located in Shimane Prefecture, Japan, with a name plate capacity of 10MW. The Ohorayama Project Company is currently constructing the Ohorayama wind project located in Kochi Prefecture, Japan, with a name plate capacity of 33MW, which is expected to commence commercial operations in March 2018. The Futtsu Project Company is operating the Futtsu solar project located in Chiba Prefecture, Japan, with a name plate capacity of 29MW. The Otsuki Project Company is operating the Otsuki wind project located in Kochi Prefecture, Japan, with a name plate capacity of 12MW.
Pursuant to and in accordance with the 84 MW PSAs, on the Closing Date, Pattern Energy purchased, in the aggregate: (i) from a wholly owned subsidiary of PEG LP and directly from GPI, 100% of the equity interests in the Kanagi Project Company, (ii) from a wholly owned subsidiary of PEG LP and directly from GPI, 100% of the equity interests in the Ohorayama Project Company, (iii) from a wholly owned subsidiary of PEG LP, 47.69% of the equity interests in the Futtsu Project Company and the right to purchase an additional 47.69% of the equity interests in the Futtsu Project Company from EFS Japan B.V. and (iv) from GPI, 100% of the equity interests in the Otsuki Project Company (collectively, the 84 MW Transactions) for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $131.5 million, comprised of approximately $111.5 million, which was paid to PEG LP at the closing of the 84 MW Transactions and an additional $20.0 million, which was paid to EFS Japan B.V. upon Pattern Energys exercise of the option to purchase the additional 47.69% of the equity interests in the Futtsu Project Company. After giving effect to the consummation of the 84 MW Transactions and Pattern Energys exercise of its option to purchase an additional 47.69% of the equity interests in the Futtsu Project Company from EFS Japan B.V., (A) Pattern Energy currently owns 100% of the Class B equity interests in the Futtsu Project Company, which entitles Pattern Energy to 95.38% of the voting rights and approximately 75% of the distributions paid by the Futtsu Project Company, and (B) GPI currently owns 100% of the Class A equity interests in the Futtsu Project Company, which entitles GPI to 4.62% of the voting rights and approximately 25% of the distributions paid by the Futtsu Project Company.
Each of the Tsugaru PSAs, the 84 MW PSAs and all of the transactions contemplated thereby were previously recommended by the Conflicts Committee of Pattern Energys Board of Directors, which is comprised solely of independent directors, for approval by Pattern Energys Board of Directors, and approved by the Board of Directors.
