Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On January 17, 2018, PetIQ, Inc. announced that it had completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding membership units of VIP, resulting in VIP becoming an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Acquisition). The Company completed the Acquisition pursuant to the previously disclosed Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2018, by and among the Company, Holdings, PetIQ, LLC, VIP, VIP Holdings, Will Santana and Kenneth Pecoraro (the Purchase Agreement).
The purchase price for the Acquisition consisted of (i) $100.0 million in cash, subject to adjustment for net working capital, (ii) 4,200,000 membership units of Holdings (the LLC Units) and 4,200,000 shares of Class B common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Class B Issuance and together with the LLC Units, the Equity Consideration) and (iii) promissory notes consisting of (A) a $10.0 million note payable 5 years and 6 months after the closing, which shall accrue interest quarterly in arrears at a rate of 6.75% per annum, (B) a $10.0 million note payable 5 years and 6 months after the closing if PetIQ and its consolidated subsidiaries have EBITDA of $40.0 million for the year ending December 31, 2018, which, if payable, shall accrue interest quarterly in arrears at a rate of 6.75% per annum beginning on the first anniversary of the closing, and (C) a $10.0 million note payable 5 years and 6 months after the closing if PetIQ and its consolidated subsidiaries have EBITDA of $50.0 million for the year ending December 31, 2019, which, if payable, shall accrue interest quarterly in arrears at a rate of 6.75% per annum beginning on the second anniversary of the closing; provided that such note shall also become payable if PetIQ and its consolidated subsidiaries have EBITDA of $50.0 million for the year ending December 31, 2018.
In connection with the completion of the Acquisition, the Company entered into the Letter Agreement, which modified the terms of the Purchase Agreement. The Letter Agreement provides that, at closing, (i) the Equity Consideration under the Purchase Agreement shall consist solely of (x) the issuance to VIP Holdings of 4,200,000 LLC Interests (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and (y) the issuance to VIP Holdings of 133,333 shares of PetIQ Class B common stock (the Initial Issuance). Thereafter, the Company agreed that each month commencing February 15, 2018 and continuing on the 15th day of each month thereafter, as additional shares of PetIQ Class B common stock, $0.001 par value per share (PetIQ Class B Shares) become available for issuance, PetIQ will issue to VIP Holdings an additional number of PetIQ Class B Shares to the extent it is authorized to do so, up to but not exceeding, an aggregate issuance (including the Initial Issuance) of 4,200,000 PetIQ Class B Shares for no additional consideration.
day of each month thereafter, as additional shares of PetIQ Class B common stock, $0.001 par value per share (PetIQ Class B Shares) become available for issuance, PetIQ will issue to VIP Holdings an additional number of PetIQ Class B Shares to the extent it is authorized to do so, up to but not exceeding, an aggregate issuance (including the Initial Issuance) of 4,200,000 PetIQ Class B Shares for no additional consideration.
If by April 30, 2018, PetIQ does not have sufficient number of authorized PetIQ Class B Shares to satisfy its obligation to issue an aggregate of 4,200,000 PetIQ Class B Shares to VIP Holdings, then PetIQ shall take such action so as to hold its 2018 annual meeting of the stockholders (the Annual Meeting) as promptly as practicable and will include as a matter to be voted on at the Annual Meeting, a stockholder proposal and Board recommendation to increase the number of authorized PetIQ Class B Shares in order to provide for the issuance of the remaining PetIQ Class B Shares to VIP Holdings (the Issuance Proposal).
Pursuant to the terms of the Letter Agreement, certain beneficial owners, including, but not limited to McCord Christensen (CEO and Chairman of the Board), Scott Adcock (President of the Company), and the following members of the Board: Mark First, James Clarke, Gary Michael and Ronald Kennedy (and each of their respective affiliates owning equity interests
in the Company, collectively, the Equity Support Holders) of PetIQs Class A common stock (PetIQ Class A Shares) and PetIQ Class B Shares agreed to vote their PetIQ Class A Shares and PetIQ Class B Shares at the Annual Meeting in support of the Issuance Proposal. The Equity Consideration was issued to VIP Holdings pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The description of the Letter Agreement set forth in this Item 2.01 is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Letter Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. On January 17, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Acquisition. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth in Item 1.01 with respect to the Revolving Credit Agreement and Term Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities The information set forth in Item 2.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements for Certain Officers Upon closing of the Acquisition, the Company appointed Will Santana, age 45, as a member of the Board of Directors of PetIQ (the Board) and as Executive Vice President of PetIQ, LLC. Mr. Santana was appointed to the Board pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. Mr. Santana beneficially owned 50% of VIP and received his proportionate share of the consideration in connection with the Acquisition. Prior to joining PetIQ, Mr. Santana served as the Chief Executive Officer of VIP since founding the company in 1997. Mr. Santana has not been named to any committee of the Board of Directors. In connection with his appointment as Executive Vice President, PetIQ, LLC has entered into an employment agreement, dated as of January 17, 2018 (the Employment Agreement), with Mr. Santana. Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Santana will serve as Executive Vice President of PetIQ, LLC, reporting to PetIQ, LLCs Chief Executive Officer, for a term commencing as of the closing of the Acquisition and ending on the third anniversary thereof, subject to automatic renewals for successive one-year periods unless either party gives 60 days notice of non-renewal. The Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Santana will receive an annual base salary of $400,000, will be eligible to receive discretionary annual bonuses, and will participate in standard employee benefit plans of PetIQ, LLC. In the event that Mr. Santanas is terminated without cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement), Mr. Santana is entitled to receive continued payments of base salary for 12 months following his termination, subject to his timely execution and non-revocation of a release of claims. Mr. Santana is subject to customary restrictive covenants relating to confidentiality, non-disparagement, non-competition and non-solicitation of employees and customers. The foregoing description of the terms of Mr. Santanas employment is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Employment Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.4 and is incorporated by reference herein. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (a) Financial Statements of Businesses Acquired. Any additional financial statements required to be filed as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed by amendment within 71 days of the date on which this Current Report on Form 8-K was required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). (b) Pro Forma Financial Information.
The Equity Consideration was issued to VIP Holdings pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).
The description of the Letter Agreement set forth in this Item 2.01 is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Letter Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.
On January 17, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Acquisition. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
