Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Closing of Bow Energy Ltd. Acquisition
As previously disclosed, on November 30, 2017, Petrolia Energy Corporation (Petrolia or the Company) signed an Arrangement Agreement (the Agreement) to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Bow Energy Ltd (Bow), which is listed on the TSX Venture Exchange under the symbol ONG.V., with corporate offices located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and Jakarta, Indonesia, pursuant to a plan of arrangement (the Arrangement) under section 193 of the Business Corporations Act (Alberta) (the Acquisition). The Arrangement Agreement included customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties.
On February 27, 2018, the Acquisition closed and Petrolia acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Bow (each a "Bow Share"). The Agreement and the Arrangement was approved by an overwhelming majority of more than 99% of the votes cast by Bows shareholders at a special meeting of shareholders of Bow held on February 21, 2018. Final approval of the Arrangement was granted by the Court of Queen's Bench of Alberta (the Court) on February 23, 2018.
Under the terms of the Arrangement, Bow shareholders are deemed to have received 1.15 Petrolia common stock shares for each Bow Share. A total of 106,156,712 shares of the Companys common stock will be issued to the Bow shareholders as a result of the Arrangement, plus additional shares in connection with the rounding described below. The Arrangement provided that no fractional shares would be issued in connection with the Arrangement, and instead, each Bow shareholder otherwise entitled to a fractional interest would receive the nearest whole number of Company shares. For example, where such fractional interest is greater than or equal to 0.5, the number of shares to be issued would be rounded up to the nearest whole number and where such fractional interest is less than 0.5, the number of shares to be issued would be rounded down to the nearest whole number. In calculating such fractional interests, all shares issuable in the name of or beneficially held by each Bow shareholder or their nominee as a result of the Arrangement shall be aggregated.
The Arrangement provides that any certificate formerly representing Bow common stock not duly surrendered on or before the last business day prior to the third anniversary of the closing date will cease to represent a claim by, or interest of, any former shareholder of any kind of nature against Bow or the Company and on such date all consideration or other property to which such former holder was entitled shall be deemed to have been surrendered to the Company.
The Company also assumed all of the outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock of Bow (the Bow Warrants) and certain options to purchase shares of common stock of Bow (the Bow Options) in connection with the Arrangement (i.e., each warrant/option to purchase one (1) share of Bow represents the right to purchase one (1) share of the Company following the closing).
It is expected that the Bow Shares will be delisted from the facilities of the TSX Venture Exchange after the close of business on March 2, 2018. Bows common shares are currently listed and posted for trading on the TSX Venture Exchange.
Bows assets include prolific Indonesian Sumatra basin. Bows key assets include South Block A PSC - 44.48% working interest, Bohorok PSC  50% working interest, Bohorok Deep JSA  20.25% working interest, Palmerah Baru  54% working interest, MNK Palmerah  69.36% working interest, Mahato PSC  20% working interest. Bow will continue as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Petrolia; operating all properties previously operated by Bow.
The foregoing descriptions of the Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Agreement, a copy of which is incorporated by reference hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and incorporated in this Item 2.01 by reference.
