Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On February 21, 2018, RL Redding, LLC completed the sale of the Red Lion Hotel in Redding, California to Kaidan Hospitality LP, a California limited partnership, and RL Eureka, LLC completed the sale of the Red Lion Hotel in Eureka, CA to JJK Hotels LP, a California limited partnership, in related transactions. The purchase price for the two hotels was $17.35 million, which was paid in cash at closing. Each of the purchaser entities identified above is an affiliate of Discovery Park, LLC, the general partner of each entity. Discovery Park, LLC is controlled by Natverbhai and Savitaben Patel, husband and wife (the Patels).
At closing, each purchaser entered into a franchise agreement with Red Lion Hotels Franchising, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Red Lion Hotels Corporation, and will continue to operate the hotels under the Red Lion brand. An additional affiliate of the purchaser entities entered into a third franchise agreement with Red Lion Franchising at closing to operate a third hotel under the Red Lion brand, in Monterey, California. The franchise agreements provide for a 20 year term and the payment of monthly royalty and program fees set at a percentage of the hotels gross room revenue. Either party may terminate the franchise agreement without penalty on the 5th or 10th anniversary of the hotels opening date, by providing at least 180 days notice of termination. Termination of the franchise agreements by Red Lion Franchising upon default of the franchisee, or termination of the agreement by the franchisee without cause, will require the franchisee to pay a termination fee. The obligations of each franchisee under the franchise agreements have been guaranteed by the Patels.
th
Each of RL Redding, LLC and RL Eureka, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of RL Venture, LLC. RL Venture, LLC is a variable interest entity in which Red Lion Hotels Corporation holds a 55% interest, and therefore the registrant consolidates the assets, liabilities and results of operations of this entity.
