Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On March 26, 2018 (the Distribution Date), Cogint, Inc. (Cogint) completed the previously announced spin-off (the Spin-off) of its risk management business from its digital marketing business by way of a distribution of all the shares of common stock (the Distribution) of Cogints wholly-owned subsidiary, Red Violet, Inc. (Red Violet), to Cogints stockholders of record as of March 19, 2018 (the Record Date) and certain warrant holders (the Spin-off Participants).
Spin-off)
The Distribution occurred by way of a pro rata stock distribution to the Spin-off Participants, each of whom received one share of Red Violets common stock for every 7.5 shares of Cogints common stock held on the Record Date or to which they were entitled to under their warrant. Cogint distributed a total of 10,266,612 shares of Red Violet common stock to the Spin-off Participants. As a result of the Distribution, Red Violet is an independent public company and Red Violets common stock will begin regular-way trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol RDVT on March 27, 2018.
regular-way
In connection with the Distribution, Red Violet and Cogint, entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated March 26, 2018, by and among Red Violet, Cogint and certain subsidiaries of Cogint (the Assignment and Assumption Agreement), pursuant to which, Red Violet assumed from Cogint (A) all SpinCo Assumed Liabilities identified on Schedule 1.2 to the Separation and Distribution Agreement (the Separation Agreement) and (B) all rights and obligations to the SpinCo Transferred Assets identified on Schedule 1.4 to the Separation Agreement. The Separation Agreement is included as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registration Statement (as defined below) and is incorporated in this report by reference.
The description of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement contained in this Form 8-K does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
Form 8-K and
A Registration Statement on Form 10 relating to the Spin-off was filed by Red Violet with the Securities and Exchange Commission and was declared effective on March 15, 2018 (the Registration Statement). On March 20, 2018, a definitive information statement for Red Violet was mailed to the Spin-off Participants, and is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
8-K.
On March 22, 2018, Red Violet filed a Certificate of Amendment (Certificate of Amendment) to Red Violets Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated its Bylaws (the Amended and Restated Bylaws). A summary of the material terms of the Certificate of Amendment and the Amended and Restated Bylaws can be found in the section titled Description of Capital Stock and Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers in the Information Statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto, and incorporated herein by reference. The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Certificate of Amendment and the Amended and Restated Bylaws, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and each of which is incorporated herein by reference.
On March 22, 2018, the Board of Directors of Red Violet (the Board) authorized Red Violet to enter into an Indemnification Agreement (the Indemnification Agreement) with each of the directors and officers of Red Violet (the Indemnitees), the form of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.6 and is incorporated herein by reference. The Indemnification Agreement obligates Red Violet to indemnify the Indemnitees to the maximum extent permitted by Delaware law against all losses if the Indemnitee was or is or becomes a party to or participant in, or is threatened to be made a party to or participant in, any claim by reason of or arising in part out of the Indemnitees role as a director, officer, employee or agent of Red Violet or any subsidiary of Red Violet, or is or was serving at the request of Red Violet as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee or agent of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity or enterprise or by reason of an action or inaction by Indemnitee in any such capacity. The Indemnitees are not entitled to indemnification if it is established that one of the exceptions to indemnification under Delaware law, as set forth in the Indemnification Agreement, exists.
In addition, the Indemnification Agreement requires Red Violet to advance reasonable expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Indemnitees within 30 days after any request by an Indemnitee. The Indemnification Agreement provides for procedures for the determination of entitlement to indemnification, including requiring such determination be made by disinterested directors or independent counsel after a change in control of Red Violet (as defined in the Indemnification Agreement).
2
The foregoing description of the Indemnification Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Indemnification Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.6 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.
