Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously disclosed, on September 18, 2017, Rite Aid Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement) with Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., a Delaware corporation (WBA), and Walgreen Co., an Illinois corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of WBA (Buyer). Under the Asset Purchase Agreement, Buyer will purchase a total of 1,932 stores, three distribution centers and related inventory from the Company for an all-cash purchase price of $4.375 billion on a cash-free, debt-free basis. As of January 18, 2018, the Company has completed the disposition of a significant amount of the Companys assets within the meaning of, and in accordance with, the standards set forth in Item 2.01 of Form 8-K.
As previously disclosed, the Company has been transferring ownership of Company stores and related assets to Buyer in a series of ongoing closings, with the goal of completing the store transfers in the spring of 2018. As of January 18, 2018, the Company has transferred 561 stores and related assets and has received cash proceeds of $1,184,900,000. As of today, January 22, 2018, Rite Aid has transferred 625 stores and related assets to WBA, and has received cash proceeds of $1,309.8 million (the "Proceeds"). The Company will use a portion of the Proceeds from the Sale to fully prepay the outstanding $970 million balance on its two tranches of second priority secured term loans, the Tranche 1 Term Loan due August 2020 (the Tranche 1 Term Loan) and the Tranche 2 Term Loan due June 2021 (and together with the Tranche 1 Term Loan, the Term Loans). In connection with the prepayment of the Term Loans, all second priority liens will be released and discharged. The majority of the closing conditions have been satisfied, and the subsequent transfers of Company stores and related assets remain subject to minimal customary closing conditions applicable only to the stores being transferred at such subsequent closing, as specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement. The Company does not have any material relationship with WBA or its subsidiaries, including Buyer, out of the ordinary course of business other than in respect of the transactions contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement, including the continued disposition of assets, a transition services agreement and the Companys option to purchase generic drugs from an affiliate of WBA, under terms, including costs, that are substantially similar to WBA for a period of ten years.
This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed to provide unaudited pro forma financial information for the Company giving effect to the sale of all assets contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement. Specifically, this pro forma financial information gives effect to the completion of the sale of 1,932 stores, three distribution centers and related assets pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, including the sale of the remaining Company stores, distribution centers and related assets that have not occurred as of January 18, 2018 given that such sales are probable, in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X. Although the Company believes that the sale of the remaining stores and related assets to Buyer will be consummated during the spring of 2018, there can be no assurance that all of the remaining closings will occur, and there can be no assurance that the Companys actual results would have been as set forth in the pro forma financial statements, and such differences could be material. In accordance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules, the Company intends to file additional current reports on Form 8-K to disclose the closings of the sale of the remaining assets pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement when the Company completes the subsequent disposition of a significant amount of the Companys assets pursuant to the applicable legal requirements. However, the Company does not intend to update the pro forma financial statements contained herein unless the Company is required to update such pro forma financial statements by applicable legal requirements.
The notes to the unaudited pro forma financial information includes the non-GAAP financial measure, Adjusted EBITDA. The Company uses this non-GAAP measure in assessing its performance in addition to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA is also included in the notes to the unaudited pro forma financial information, which is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Form 8-K.
The Company believes Adjusted EBITDA serves as an appropriate measure in evaluating the performance of its business and helps its investors better compare the Companys operating performance with its competitors. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) excluding the impact of income taxes, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, LIFO adjustments, charges or credits for facility closing and impairment, inventory write-downs related to store closings, debt retirements, the previously received WBA merger termination fee, and other items (including stock-based compensation expense, merger and acquisition-related costs, severance and costs related to distribution center closures, gain or loss on sale of assets and revenue deferrals related to the Companys customer loyalty program). The Company references this non-GAAP financial measure frequently in its decision-making because it provides supplemental information that facilitates internal comparisons to historical periods and external comparisons to competitors. In addition, incentive compensation is based in part on Adjusted EBITDA and the Company bases certain of its forward-looking estimates and budgets on Adjusted EBITDA.
The foregoing description of the Asset Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Asset Purchase Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 19, 2017, and which is incorporated herein by reference.
