Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On March 6, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each Common Voting Share, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Common Voting Shares) and each Class A Common Share, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Class A Shares, and collectively with the Common Voting Shares, the Shares) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger (other than Shares held by Discovery and Merger Sub) was converted into the right to receive $65.82 in cash (as a result of Discoverys exercise of the cash top-up right), without interest, and 1.0584 shares of Discovery Series C common stock (Series C Shares) for each Share (the Mixed Consideration). The stock portion of the Mixed Consideration was calculated based on the Series C Shares volume weighted average price on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ) measured on a cumulative basis over the 15 trading days ending on (and including) the third trading day prior to the effective time of the Merger, subject to a two-way collar detailed in the Merger Agreement.
Class
A Shares
top-up
Series C Shares
Mixed Consideration
NASDAQ
two-way
As previously disclosed, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, subject to the proration, allocation and other limitations set forth in the Merger Agreement and the election materials separately provided to the applicable shareholders, shareholders of the Company had the option to elect to receive, for each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger (other than Shares held by Discovery and Merger Sub), (i) an amount in cash, without interest, based on the dollar value of the Mixed Consideration for each Share (the Cash Consideration), or (ii) a number of Series C Shares for each Share based on the dollar value of the Mixed Consideration (the Stock Consideration and, together with the Mixed Consideration and the Cash Consideration, the Merger Consideration).
Stock Consideration
Merger Consideration
The deadline for the Companys registered shareholders to submit Merger Consideration elections was 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on March 2, 2018. Based on the preliminary results of the Merger Consideration elections provided by Computershare Trust Company, N.A., Discoverys exchange agent, valid elections cash elections were made for approximately 16,802,694 Shares, valid stock elections were made for approximately 15,382,019 Shares and valid mixed elections were made for approximately 27,797,875 Shares. No fractional Series C Shares are being issued, and cash is being paid in lieu thereof.
As a result of the Merger, the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Discovery.
The description herein of the Merger and the Merger Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
