Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Acquisition of SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Ltd
On December 29, 2017 (the Closing Date), SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc., formerly known as Galena Biopharma, Inc. (the Registrant), completed its business combination with the Bermuda exempted company, Sellas Life Sciences Group Ltd. (Private SELLAS), in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of August 7, 2017 and amended November 5, 2017, by and among the Registrant, Sellas Intermediate Holdings I, Inc. (Holdings I), Sellas Intermediate Holdings II, Inc. (Holdings II), Galena Bermuda Merger Sub, Ltd., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant (Merger Sub and, collectively with the Registrant, Holdings I, Holdings II and Private SELLAS, the Parties) and Private SELLAS (the Merger Agreement).
Prior to the filing of the merger registration with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda, the Parties entered into an agreement required by Section 105 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, as amended (the Bermuda Merger Agreement). Under the Merger Agreement and the Bermuda Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Private SELLAS, with Private SELLAS surviving as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant (the Merger). This transaction was approved by the Registrants stockholders at a special meeting of its stockholders on December 29, 2017 (the Special Meeting).
Following the completion of the Merger, the Registrant changed its corporate name to SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc. as required by the Merger Agreement, and the business conducted by the Registrant became the primary business conducted by Private SELLAS, which is a development-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on novel cancer immunotherapeutics for a broad range of cancer indications.
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Registrant issued shares of its common stock to Private SELLAS securityholders, at an exchange ratio of 43.9972 shares of the Registrants common stock in exchange for each common share of Private SELLAS outstanding immediately prior to the Merger (the Exchange Ratio). The Exchange Ratio was determined through arms-length negotiations between the Registrant and Private SELLAS. The Registrant also assumed all of the restricted stock units (RSUs) issued and outstanding under the Private SELLAS Stock Incentive Plan #1 (the Private SELLAS Plan), and issued and outstanding warrants of Private SELLAS. Accordingly, such RSUs will now be settled in, and such warrants now are exercisable for, that number of shares of the Registrants common stock equal to the Exchange Ratio multiplied by the number of Private SELLAS common shares underlying such RSUs and warrants, as applicable. The number of shares issued in the Merger reflects a 1-for-30 reverse stock split of the Registrants common stock that was effected on the Closing Date prior to the Merger (the Reverse Stock Split).
Immediately after the Merger, on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis, there were approximately 5,766,891 million shares of the Registrants common stock outstanding, with the former Private SELLAS securityholders owning approximately 67.5% of the Registrants fully diluted common stock, with the Registrants securityholders immediately prior to the Merger owning the remaining approximately 32.5%.
The issuance of the shares of the Registrants common stock to the former securityholders of Private SELLAS was registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on a registration statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-220592), which was declared effective on November 6, 2017, and the Merger and additional related proposals were submitted to a vote of the Registrants stockholders pursuant to a proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement dated November 6, 2017 and filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 on November 8, 2017, as supplemented on November 29, 2017 and December 14, 2017 (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus/Consent Solicitation Statement).
No. 333-220592),
The Registrants common stock listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market traded through the close of business on the Closing Date under the ticker symbol GALE, commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol SLS on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis on Tuesday, January 2, 2018. The Registrants common stock has a new CUSIP number, which is 81642T 100.
The descriptions of the Merger and Merger Agreement included herein are not complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
