Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On March 9, 2018 (the Closing Date), the merger (the Merger) contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 21, 2017 (as amended, the Merger Agreement), by and among Energy Future Holdings Corp. (EFH), Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC (EFIH), Sempra Energy (Sempra), and Sempra Texas Merger Sub I, Inc., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Sempra (Merger Sub), was completed, merging Merger Sub with and into the reorganized EFH, with reorganized EFH continuing as the surviving company as an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Sempra. Reorganized EFH (renamed Sempra Texas Holdings Corp.) owns 100 percent of the membership interests of EFIH (renamed Sempra Texas Intermediate Holding Company LLC), which in turn owns 100 percent of the membership interests of Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC (Oncor Holdings), which owns approximately 80.03 percent of the outstanding membership interests of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (Oncor). Under the Merger Agreement, Sempra paid cash consideration of approximately $9.45 billion (the Merger Consideration). Also on March 9, 2018, Sempra, through its interest in Oncor Holdings, acquired an additional 0.22% of the outstanding membership interests in Oncor for approximately $26 million in cash as described in Item 8.01 below.
percent of the outstanding membership interests of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (Oncor). Under the Merger Agreement, Sempra paid cash consideration of approximately $9.45 billion (the Merger Consideration). Also on March 9, 2018, Sempra, through its interest in Oncor Holdings, acquired an additional 0.22% of the outstanding membership interests in Oncor for approximately $26 million in cash as described in Item 8.01 below.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified by, the full text of the Merger Agreement and the amendments thereto, which are filed as Exhibits 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.
Item 8.01 Other Events.
