Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On March 2, 2018, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders at which the stockholders approved the Asset Sale pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement. The Company completed the Asset Sale to Buyer on March 2, 2018.
The Company previously disclosed the terms of the Asset Sale in its Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 20, 2017 (which included a copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as an Exhibit to the Form 8-K) and on January 23, 2018 (which included a copy of the First Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement as an Exhibit to the Form 8-K) and in its definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on February 9, 2018 as supplemented on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on February 22, 2018.
As consideration for the Asset Sale, Buyer paid a purchase price consisting of cash in the amount of approximately $10.8 million (of which approximately $1.3 million was used to pay the outstanding amount under the Companys Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo), a subordinated promissory note in the principal amount of approximately $7.4 million, and a 5% equity interest in Buyers post-closing ultimate parent company, Churchill Downs Holdings Ltd., a British Virgin Islands business company. Buyer also assumed substantially all the liabilities of the Company. The liabilities retained by the Company are more fully described in the Asset Purchase Agreement and include the Separation Agreement with the Companys former President and Chief Executive Officer and certain workers compensation claims associated with the Companys restricted cash.
assumed substantially all the liabilities of the Company. The liabilities retained by the Company are more fully described in the Asset Purchase Agreement and include the Separation Agreement with the Companys former President and Chief Executive Officer and certain workers compensation claims associated with the Companys restricted cash.
The Company sold substantially all of its assets as more fully described in the Asset Purchase Agreement, and retained certain assets, including cash in the amount of approximately $0.8 million (including approximately $0.6 million in restricted cash), net operating loss carryforwards, any remaining payments under the Continued Dumping and Subsidy Offset Act, and a split dollar life insurance policy for a former executive officer and related collateral assignment providing for repayment at death of premiums paid by the Company.
retained certain assets, including cash in the amount of approximately $0.8 million (including approximately $0.6 million in restricted cash), net operating loss carryforwards, any remaining payments under the Continued Dumping and Subsidy Offset Act, and a split dollar life insurance policy for a former executive officer and related collateral assignment providing for repayment at death of premiums paid by the Company
The foregoing description of the Asset Purchase Agreement and the Asset Sale does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Asset Purchase Agreement, including the First Amendment thereto, which are filed as Exhibits 2.1 and 2.2, respectively and incorporated herein by reference.
