Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On February 1, 2018, Tiptree, the operating subsidiary of Tiptree Inc. (the "Company"), completed the previously announced sale of all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Tiptree's subsidiary, Care Investment Trust LLC, and all of its subsidiaries (Care) and two real estate properties held by other subsidiaries of Tiptree (the Disposition) to Invesque and Invesque Holdings, LP (together with Invesque, the "Buyer Entities") pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) dated November 16, 2017 by and among Tiptree and the Buyer Entities.
, the operating subsidiary of Tiptree Inc. (the "Company"),
completed the previously announced sale of
all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Tiptree's subsidiary, Care Investment Trust LLC, and all of its subsidiaries (Care) and two real estate properties held by other subsidiaries of Tiptree (the Disposition) to Invesque and Invesque Holdings, LP (together with Invesque, the "Buyer Entities") pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) dated November 16, 2017 by and among Tiptree and the Buyer Entities.
In connection with the Disposition, Tiptree, through its various consolidated subsidiaries, received an aggregate of 16,647,236 shares of Invesque, representing approximately 34% of Invesque's issued and outstanding common shares.
Tiptree, through its various consolidated subsidiaries, received an aggregate of 16,647,236 shares of Invesque, representing approximately 34% of Invesque's
issued and outstanding common shares.
The unaudited pro forma financial information giving effect to the Disposition is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1.
The Purchase Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 17, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing summary has been included to provide investors and security holders with information regarding certain terms, does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by the full text, terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement.
The representations and warranties of Tiptree contained in the Purchase Agreement have been made solely for the benefit of the Buyer Entities. In addition, such representations and warranties (i) have been made only for purposes of the Purchase Agreement, (ii) have been qualified by confidential disclosures made to the Buyer Entities in connection with the Purchase Agreement, (iii) are subject to materiality qualifications contained in the Purchase Agreement which may differ from what may be viewed as material by investors, (iv) were made only as of the date of the Purchase Agreement or such other date as is specified in the Purchase Agreement and (v) have been included in the Purchase Agreement for the purpose of allocating risk between the contracting parties rather than establishing matters as facts. Accordingly, the Purchase Agreement will be filed only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Purchase Agreement, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding Care or its business. Investors should not rely on the representations and warranties or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of Care or any of its affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in our public disclosures. The Purchase Agreement should not be read alone, but should instead be read in conjunction with the other information regarding Care that is or will be contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the Forms 10-K, Forms 10-Q and other documents that the Registrant has filed and may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Item 8.01Other Events.
