Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On March 21, 2018, the Companys wholly owned subsidiary, PowerSteering Software Limited, a limited company organized and existing under the laws of England and Wales (PowerSteering UK), entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of Interfax pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement by and among PowerSteering UK, Yehuda Alon and Tamar Marsh. In connection with this acquisition, the Company also acquired certain assets related to Interfaxs business from a United States based reseller of Interfaxs products. The aggregate consideration paid for Interfax and the US reseller assets was $37 million in cash at closing, net of cash acquired, and a $5.0 million cash holdback payable over 18 months and subject to reduction for indemnification claims. The foregoing excludes any potential earnout payments tied to performance-based goals. The purchase price consideration paid by the Company came from the Company's credit facility expansion, pursuant to the Amendment to the Credit Agreement disclosed in Item 1.01 above.
March 21, 2018
, the Companys wholly owned subsidiary, PowerSteering Software Limited, a limited company organized and existing under the laws of England and Wales (PowerSteering UK), entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of Interfax pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement by and among PowerSteering UK, Yehuda Alon and Tamar Marsh. In connection with this acquisition, the Company also acquired certain assets related to Interfaxs business from a United States based reseller of Interfaxs products. The aggregate consideration paid for Interfax and the US reseller assets was $37 million in cash at closing, net of cash acquired, and a $5.0 million cash holdback payable over 18 months and subject to reduction for indemnification claims. The foregoing excludes any potential earnout payments tied to performance-based goals. The purchase price consideration paid by the Company came from the Company's credit facility expansion, pursuant to the Amendment to the Credit Agreement disclosed in Item 1.01 above.
The foregoing description of the Share Purchase Agreement is a summary only, does not purport to set forth the complete terms of such agreement, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Share Purchase Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
