Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition of Disposition of Assets.
On January 26, 2018, Andrews County Holdings, Inc. ("ACH"), a subsidiary of the registrant, completed the sale of its Waste Control Specialists LLC subsidiary ("WCS") to JFL-WCS Partners, LLC ("JFL Partners"), an entity sponsored by certain investment affiliates of J.F. Lehman & Company, for consideration consisting of the assumption of all of WCS' third-party indebtedness and other liabilities, pursuant to the terms of a Purchase Agreement entered into between ACH and JFL Partners dated December 19, 2017, as amended (collectively, the "Purchase Agreement"). Additionally, all financial assurance obligations related to the WCS business, previously provided in part by the registrant and certain of its affiliates, have been assumed by WCS or one or more of its new affiliates.
A copy of the Purchase Agreement is attached as Exhibit 2.1 and 2.2 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement. This summary of the principal terms of the Purchase Agreement and the copy of the Purchase Agreement has been included to provide security holders with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about WCS, JFL Partners, or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made solely for purposes of the Purchase Agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Purchase Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to security holders. Security holders are not third-party beneficiaries under the Purchase Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of WCS or JFL Partners. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the registrant's public disclosures.
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.
