Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On February 13, 2018, in connection with, and immediately following the completion of, the Merger, the Combined Company effected a reverse stock split at a ratio of one new share for every eleven shares of its common stock outstanding (the 1:11 Reverse Stock Split), and immediately following the Merger, the Combined Company changed its name to Vaxart, Inc. Following the closing of the Merger, the business conducted by the Combined Company became primarily the business conducted by Vaxart, which is a clinical-stage company focused on developing oral recombinant protein vaccines based on its proprietary oral vaccine platform.
Reverse
Stock
Split
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Combined Company issued an aggregate of approximately 39.9 million pre-reverse stock split shares of its common stock to the Subsidiarys stockholders, warrantholders and optionholders, at an exchange rate of approximately 0.221 pre-reverse stock split shares of Combined Company common stock in exchange for each share of the Subsidiary capital stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger The exchange rate was determined pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. The Combined Company also assumed all of the stock options outstanding under the Vaxart 2007 Stock Option Plan (the Subsidiary Plan), with such stock options representing the right to purchase a number of shares of Combined Company common stock equal to approximately 0.221 multiplied by the number of shares of Subsidiary common stock previously represented by such options under the Subsidiary Plan. The Combined Company also assumed the Subsidiary Plan.
Subsidiary
Plan
Immediately after the Merger there were approximately 7.1 million post-reverse stock split shares of the Combined Companys common stock outstanding. Immediately after the Merger, the Subsidiarys stockholders, warrantholders and optionholders owned approximately 51% of the fully-diluted common stock of the Combined Company, with the Combined Companys stockholders and optionholders immediately prior to the Merger, whose shares of the Combined Companys common stock remain outstanding after the Merger, owning approximately 49% of the fully-diluted common stock of the Combined Company.
The issuance of the shares of the Combined Companys common stock to the Subsidiarys stockholders was registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on a Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended, (File No. 333-222009) (the Registration Statement). Immediately prior to the Merger, $33.6 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding under the unsecured subordinated convertible promissory notes of the Subsidiary and all interest accrued thereon were converted into shares of Combined Company common stock.
S-4,
No. 333-222009)
Registration
Statement
The Combined Companys shares of common stock are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market and traded through the close of business on Tuesday, February 13, 2018 under the ticker symbol AVIR, and commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol VXRT on Wednesday, February 14, 2018. The Combined Companys common stock has a new CUSIP number, 92243A 200.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.
