Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously reported, on November 13, 2017, VEREIT Operating Partnership, L.P. (the Operating Partnership), the operating partnership of VEREIT, Inc. (VEREIT and together with the Operating Partnership, the Company), entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (as amended by that certain First Amendment to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2018, the Purchase and Sale Agreement) with CCA Acquisition, LLC (the Purchaser), an affiliate of CIM Group, LLC. Under the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Company agreed to sell to the Purchaser all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Cole Capital Advisors, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company that sponsors and manages non-listed real estate investment trusts (Cole Capital), and certain of Cole Capitals subsidiaries. The sale closed (the Closing) on February 1, 2018 for total consideration of approximately $120 million paid in cash.
At the Closing, the Operating Partnership and Cole Capital entered into a services agreement (the Services Agreement), a form of which was attached as an exhibit to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will continue to provide certain services to Cole Capital and its subsidiaries and to Cole Credit Property Trust IV, Inc. (CCPT IV), Cole Real Estate Income Strategy (Daily NAV), Inc. (INAV), Cole Office & Industrial REIT (CCIT II), Inc. (CCIT II), Cole Office & Industrial REIT (CCIT III), Inc. (CCIT III), and Cole Credit Property Trust V, Inc. (CCPT V and collectively with CCPT IV, INAV, CCIT II and CCIT III, the Cole REITs) including operational real estate support. The Company will continue to provide such services through March 31, 2019 (or, if later, the date of the last government filing other than a tax filing made by any of the Cole REITs with respect to its 2018 fiscal year) and will provide consulting and research services through December 31, 2023 as requested by Cole Capital. Under the terms of the Services Agreement, the Operating Partnership will be entitled to receive reimbursement for certain of the services provided and fees based on the future revenues of Cole Capital above a specified dollar threshold (the Net Revenue Payments), up to an aggregate of $80 million in Net Revenue Payments.
The Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated November 13, 2017, was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 13, 2017, and the First Amendment to the Purchase and Sale Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, each of which is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Purchase and Sale Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated November 13, 2017, and the First Amendment to the Purchase and Sale Agreement.
The unaudited pro forma financial information required by Item 9.01 is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.
