Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Vitaxel Group Limited (the "Registrant"), a Nevada corporation, entered into a Share Sale Agreement (the Agreement) effective December 15, 2017 with Lim Hui Sing and Leong Yee Ming (together, the Sellers) and Vitaxel Sdn. Bhd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant (the Purchaser), as previously described in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2017. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Sellers will sell to the Purchaser all their shares in Grande Legacy Inc., a British Virgin Islands company (Grande Legacy), so that the Registrant shall become the indirect owner of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the capital stock of Grande Legacy. In consideration for such sale, the Registrant shall issue to each of the Sellers 37,500,000 shares of the Registrants common stock.
On January 3, 2018 the parties to the Agreement executed and delivered an amendment (the Amendment) to the Agreement which provided that the acquisition of Grande Legacy shall close upon the completion of the financial statements of Grande Legacy being audited. The Amendment also provides that the 75,000,000 shares to be issued to the Sellers will be issued within 30 days of the shareholders [of the Registrant] authorizing the amendment [to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant increasing the amount of shares that the Registrant is authorized to issue]. Since the audited financial statements of Grande Legacy were delivered on January 22, 2018, the acquisition of Grande Legacy was consummated on said date.
When the consideration shares are issued to the Sellers, said shares will represent approximately 58.1% of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Registrant. These shares will be issued in a private placement pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, once the Registrant has the authorization to issue the shares.
Description of Grande Legacy
Grande Legacy was incorporated in the British Virgin Island on March 11, 2008 under the name Better Self Inc. It was originally in the business of providing consultancy services. Self Inc. changed its name to its current one on November 14, 2014. Since executing the license agreement with the Registrant described below, the company has been in the e-commerce multi-level marketing business.
Leong Yee Ming, the current principal executive officer and a director of the Registrant, is one of the two shareholders of Grande Legacy. The other 50% shareholder of Grande Legacy, Lim Hui Sing, is the brother of the president of the Registrant, Dato Lim Hui Boon.
Grande Legacy originally was established to provide consultancy services to companies that desired to expand its business overseas by assisting in establishing offices, hiring employees, drafting business plan and conducting business in overseas markets for their clients. Grand Legacy was also prepared to recommend to its clients the necessary professional parties such as attorneys and accountants to assist in this area. In conducting the business, Grande Legacy provided a comprehensive recommendation to its clients on various methods to enter into new territories. Typically, these recommendations and preparation would take from six to nine months.
On January 5, 2017, Grande Legacy executed a License Agreement with the Registrant pursuant to which the Registrant granted Grande Legacy an exclusive license to operate a direct selling, multi-level marketing company offering travel, entertainment, lifestyle and other products and services. In exchange for the license to use the website, including its online shopping platform, of the Registrant, Grande Legacy can utilize its own marketing strategies to promote its business.
After January 5, 2022, Grande Legacy is obligated to pay Vitaxel, every three months, 55% of the gross revenue it receives minus operating expenses.
With the agreement Grande Legacy is now responsible to promote the business to new markets such as United State of America, South Korea, Japan and any other country which the Registrant approves.
The business office of Grand Legacy is situated in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The company recruits and trains team leaders to sell products offered on its website. Team members are recruited based on their experience and previous achievement. These team leaders can be situated in any countries and each country may have a few team leaders. This is to ensure that Grande Legacy does not rely on small amount of team leaders to generate revenue for the Company. Grande Legacy does not pay salaries to the team leaders, as their compensation is based solely on commission and any bonuses management of Grande Legacy awards in its discretion as a result of the revenue generated.
Grande Legacy acquires the travel and entertainment packages which it offers through third parties. Since the cost of promoting these packages is incurred only when a member books a package, Grande Legacy does not incur any costs in promoting these packages.
Leong Yee Ming, the current principal executive officer and a director of the Registrant, is one of the two shareholders of Grande Legacy. The other 50% shareholder of Grande Legacy, Lim Hui Sing, is the brother of the president of the Registrant. In addition to the license arrangement between the Registrant and Grande Legacy described above, Grande Legacy uses the credit card portal of Vitaxel Snd Bhd., a subsidiary of the Registrant. In addition,Datuk Seri Dato Lim Hui Boon, a related party to a director of Grande Legacy (Lim Hui Sing) is also the President of the Registrant and Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd. As of September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016, the amount due to the Datuk Seri Dato Lim Hui Boon was $6,708 and $6,644, respectively. Currently there are no amounts owed. Grande Legacy has also made advance payments to Ho Wah Genting Sdn Berhad for marketing and campaign purposes. The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
The consideration being paid by the Registrant for the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding stock of Grande Legacy (75,000,000 shares of the Registrant) was determined by comparing the price/earnings ratio with respect to other multi-level marketing companies listed in Malaysia and in the United States.
For all the terms and conditions of the Amendment and the License Agreement, reference is hereby made to such agreements annexed hereto as Exhibits 10.13 and 10.14, respectively. All statements made herein concerning the foregoing agreements are qualified by reference thereto.
