Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, on December 7, 2018, the Company completed the Carbon Solutions Acquisitions and acquired 100% of the equity interests of Carbon Solutions from Energy Capital Partners I, LP, Energy Capital Partners I-A, LP, Energy Capital Partners I-B IP, LP, Energy Capital Partners I (Crowfoot IP), LP, and Carbon Solutions Management, LLC (collectively, the "Sellers") for a total purchase price of $75.0 million plus fees. This amount was financed through the $70.0 million Term Loan, less original issue discount of $2.1 million, and $8.6 million of assumed capital leases (the "Purchase Price").
December 7, 2018
, the Company completed the Carbon Solutions Acquisitions and acquired 100% of the equity interests of Carbon Solutions from Energy Capital Partners I, LP, Energy Capital Partners I-A, LP, Energy Capital Partners I-B IP, LP, Energy Capital Partners I (Crowfoot IP), LP, and Carbon Solutions Management, LLC (collectively, the "Sellers") for a total purchase price of
$75.0 million
plus fees. This amount was financed through the
$70.0 million
Term Loan, less original issue discount of
$2.1 million
, and
$8.6 million
of assumed capital leases (the "Purchase Price").
Carbon Solutions is an activated carbon company and the North American leader in mercury capture using powdered activated carbon for the coal-fired power plant, industrial and water treatment markets. Carbon Solutions also owns an associated lignite mine which supplies the raw material for the powdered activated carbon plant. Carbon Solutions was formed in 2008 as a 50/50 joint venture by the Company and Energy Capital Partners LLC. The Company relinquished its ownership in 2011 as part of a legal settlement agreement as described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. At the time of entering into the Purchase Agreement there was no relationship between the Company and any of the Sellers or Carbon Solutions.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
