Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On November 30, 2018, the Company purchased a Tractor Supply Company store in Canton, Mississippi for $3,330,000 from BT Canton Associates, LLC, an unrelated third party. The property is leased to Tractor Supply Company under a lease agreement with a remaining primary term of 9.5 years. The lease may be renewed by the tenant for up to four consecutive terms of five years each. The annual rent is $220,000. The rent is scheduled to increase 10% on June 1, 2023 and 10% every five years thereafter. The lease is a net lease under which the tenant is responsible for real estate taxes, insurance, maintenance, repairs and operating expenses of the property. The only exceptions are the Company is responsible for its liability insurance premiums and repairs to the structural components of the building, roof and parking lot.
The Company purchased the property with cash received from the sale of property. The center was constructed in 2013 and is a 19,021 square foot building situated on approximately 2.9 acres of land. The freestanding retail store is located at 176 Feather Lane, Canton, Mississippi.
Tractor Supply Company ("TSC"), headquartered near Nashville, is the largest rural lifestyle retail store chain in the United States with over 1,700 stores in 49 states. TSC stores are primarily located in towns outlying major metropolitan markets and in rural communities. TSC's stores are focused on supplying the lifestyle needs of recreational farmers and ranchers and others who enjoy the rural lifestyle, as well as tradesmen and small businesses. For the fiscal year ended December 30, 2017, TSC reported a net worth of $1.4 billion, net sales of $7.3 billion and net income of $423 million. TSC is a public company whose stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol TSCO and files reports with the SEC that are available on-line at www.sec.gov and on its corporate website at www.tractorsupply.com.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
