Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On November 26, 2018, each of Aetna and CVS Health disclosed that they had received all regulatory approvals required to complete CVS Healths acquisition of Aetna.
On November 28, 2018 (the Closing Date), Aetna and CVS Health completed the merger contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of December 3, 2017, among CVS Health, Hudson Merger Sub Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of CVS Health (Merger Sub), and Aetna. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, Merger Sub merged with and into Aetna (the Merger), with Aetna continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of CVS Health.
At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each outstanding Aetna common share (such shares, the Common Shares) (other than treasury shares held by Aetna and any shares beneficially owned by CVS Health or any of CVS Healths subsidiaries unless such shares were owned in a fiduciary, representative or other capacity on behalf of other persons) was converted into the right to receive 0.8378 of a share of CVS Health common stock and $145.00 in cash without interest thereon (together, the Per Share Merger Consideration). No fractional shares of CVS Health common stock will be issued in the Merger, and Aetnas former shareholders will receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares of CVS Health common stock.
Each outstanding Aetna equity award that was vested or that became vested pursuant to its terms as of the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration or a payment in cash in an amount based on the value of the Per Share Merger Consideration less any applicable exercise price (except for restricted stock units held by Aetnas former non-employee directors, which were converted into the right to receive a payment in cash in an amount based on the closing trading price of Common Shares on the Closing Date). Each outstanding Aetna equity award that was not vested as of the Effective Time or that was granted after the date of the Merger Agreement was cancelled and converted into a CVS Health equity award, subject to the same terms and conditions as applied to the corresponding Aetna equity award immediately prior to the Effective Time (with the performance goals for performance-based awards deemed achieved at the higher of target or actual performance), except that the number of shares of CVS Health common stock subject to each converted CVS Health equity award equals the product of the number of Common Shares underlying each such award at the Effective Time multiplied by the Equity Award Exchange Ratio of 2.729. The applicable exercise price of any converted Aetna equity award was also adjusted to take account of the Equity Award Exchange Ratio.
In connection with the Merger, CVS Health issued approximately 274.4 million shares of CVS Health common stock and paid an aggregate of approximately $48.1 billion in cash to former Aetna shareholders in exchange for their Common Shares and to former Aetna equity award holders in exchange for their vested equity awards, resulting in aggregate merger consideration to Aetnas former shareholders and equity award holders of approximately $70 billion, calculated based on the closing price of CVS Health common stock on November 27, 2018. CVS Health funded the cash portion of the purchase price through a combination of existing cash on hand and proceeds from the issuance of debt and term loans.
The foregoing summary of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
-1-
1
-
Section 3 - Securities and Trading Markets
Item 3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.
