Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On November 9, 2018, Air Transport Services Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), consummated the transactions contemplated by that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2018 (the Purchase Agreement), by and among the Company, Omni Air International Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Omni Holdings), Omni Aviation Leasing Holdings, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (OAL Holdings), T7 Aviation Leasing Holdings, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (T7 Holdings and, together with Omni Holdings and OAL Holdings, Sellers), and Robert K. Coretz, as Sellers Representative (Sellers Representative), pursuant to which the Company purchased (the Acquisition) from Sellers, through three newly-organized acquisition subsidiaries, all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Omni Air International, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (Omni), Omni Aviation Leasing, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (OAL), and T7 Aviation Leasing, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (T7, and together with Omni and OAL, the Target Companies). The Target Companies are engaged, together with Advanced Flight Services, Inc. (the Subsidiary), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Omni, in the business of providing passenger airlift services to the U.S. Department of Defense and other U.S. and foreign government agencies, worldwide full service commercial passenger charter, wet lease and aircraft, crew, maintenance and insurance services and other air transportation services to commercial customers. The Target Companies and the Subsidiary are referred to herein collectively, as the Acquired Companies.
The purchase price for the Acquisition (the Aggregate Purchase Price) was an amount equal to $845 million plus the cash balances of the Acquired Companies as of 11:59 P.M. (Central Time) on the day immediately prior to the date of the closing (the Closing) of the Acquisition (the Measurement Time), minus the indebtedness of the Acquired Companies as of the Measurement Time (the Closing Indebtedness), minus the transaction expenses of the Acquired Companies and Sellers related to the Acquisition, including fees and expenses of attorneys, investment bankers, accountants and other service providers (the Transaction Expenses), minus certain bonus or change of control payments triggered by the Acquisition (the Closing Bonus Payments) and plus or minus, as applicable, the amount of any net working capital adjustment (the Net Working Capital Adjustment) based upon the difference between the actual working capital amount of the Acquired Companies as of the Measurement Time (the Closing Net Working Capital) and a target working capital amount set forth in the Purchase Agreement. At the Closing, the Company paid to Sellers the estimated Aggregate Purchase Price, less the Escrow Amount (as defined below). At the Closing, the Company also paid or caused to be paid the Closing Indebtedness, the Transaction Expenses, the Closing Bonus Payments and, to the Escrow Agent (as defined below), the Escrow Amount.
Within 60 days after the date of the Closing, the Company will prepare and deliver to the Sellers Representative a written statement setting forth the Companys calculations of the amount of the Closing Net Working Capital and the Net Working Capital Adjustment. The Sellers Representative will then have 30 days after receipt of such calculations to inform the Company whether he agrees or disagrees with the Companys calculations. The Purchase Agreement sets forth a process for resolving any disputes with respect to such calculations. Upon final determination of the Closing Net Working Capital and Net Working Capital Adjustment, the Aggregate Purchase Price will be recalculated using the finally determined amounts resulting in an adjustment of the Aggregate Purchase Price (the Purchase Price Adjustment). If the Aggregate Purchase Price, as recalculated, is greater than the estimated Aggregate Purchase Price, the Company will pay or cause to be paid to the Sellers Representative the amount of any such excess, for distribution to the Sellers. If the Aggregate Purchase Price, as recalculated, is less than such estimated Aggregate Purchase Price, Sellers will pay or cause to be paid to the Company the amount of such deficiency. If the Aggregate Purchase Price, as recalculated, is equal to the estimated Aggregate Purchase Price, no further payments will be payable by the Company or the Sellers.
At the Closing, $18,000,000 of the Purchase Price was deposited in cash with a bank selected by the parties (the Escrow Agent) into two separate escrow accounts: (i) $3,000,000 (the Working Capital Escrow Amount) was deposited in an escrow account to cover amounts that may be owing by Sellers to the Company as a result of the Purchase Price Adjustment and (ii) $15,000,000 (the Indemnification Escrow Amount) was deposited in an escrow account to satisfy claims for indemnification by the Company or other Company indemnitees as a result of breaches of representations and warranties or covenants of the Sellers contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Working Capital Escrow Amount will be distributed in accordance with the joint written instruction of the Company and Sellers Representative to the Escrow Agent. The Indemnification Escrow Amount (less any amount that has been previously paid from the Indemnification Escrow Amount and amounts subject to pending indemnification claims) will be distributed to the Sellers Representative upon receipt by the Escrow Agent of a joint written instruction from the Company and the Sellers Representative fourteen (14) months following the Closing.
The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the Company and Sellers. The Company and Sellers have agreed to indemnify each other (and certain related parties) for breaches of representations and warranties, breaches of covenants and certain other matters. Certain representations and warranties of Sellers, including representations and warranties related to the valid organization of the Acquired Companies, Sellers authority to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the validity and binding effect of the Purchase Agreement and related agreements, the capitalization of the Acquired Companies and the ownership of the equity interests of the Acquired Companies, will survive indefinitely (the Fundamental Representations). Certain representations, warranties and covenants of Sellers related to taxes will survive until ninety (90) days after the expiration of applicable statutes of limitation with respect to such representations, warranties and covenants. Representations and warranties related to environmental, health and safety matters will survive until the third anniversary of the Closing. All other representations and warranties in the Purchase Agreement will survive until fourteen (14) months after the Closing. With respect to any other covenant or agreement contained in the Purchase Agreement that contemplates performance after the Closing, such covenant or agreement will survive in accordance with its respective terms in the Purchase Agreement.
The maximum indemnification provided by Sellers to the Company and other Company indemnitees with respect to breaches of representations and warranties (other than Fundamental Representations) is $15,000,000. The aggregate amount of the Sellers indemnity obligations shall not exceed the Aggregate Purchase Price paid to Sellers. The Company may not assert a claim for indemnification for breach of a representation and warranty of Sellers in the Purchase Agreement, other than Fundamental Representations and certain other specified representations, until the aggregate amount of damages to which the Company would otherwise be entitled to indemnification exceeds $3,000,000, and then only to the extent of the amount in excess of $3,000,000. At the Closing, the Company entered into guarantee agreements with certain equityholders of each Seller pursuant to which such equityholders guaranteed the payment of Sellers obligations for indemnification amounts as a result of breaches of Fundamental Representations and representations concerning tax matters and breaches of covenants in the Purchase Agreement should the Company be unable to obtain payment for such breaches after seeking to collect payment from Sellers due to insufficient funds being available from the Indemnification Escrow Amount or the inability or refusal of Sellers to honor their obligations under the Purchase Agreement to make payment to the Company.
Item 2.03Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
