Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
As previously disclosed, Altair Engineering Inc. (the Company) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 5, 2018 (the Merger Agreement), with Datawatch Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Datawatch), and Dallas Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
Merger Agreement
Datawatch
Purchaser
In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser commenced a tender offer to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Shares), of Datawatch at a purchase price of $13.10 per Share, net to seller in cash (the Offer Price), without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes (the Offer). The Offer expired at 12:00 midnight, Boston time, on December 12, 2018 (one minute after 11:59 p.m., Boston time, on December 12, 2018) as scheduled and was not extended. According to the depository for the Offer, as of the expiration of the Offer, 8,954,113 Shares (excluding Shares with respect to which notices of guaranteed delivery were delivered) were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, representing approximately 70% of the outstanding Shares and a sufficient number of Shares such that the minimum tender condition to the Offer was satisfied. In addition, the depository has advised the Company that notices of guaranteed delivery have been delivered with respect to 2,162,329 additional Shares, representing approximately 17% of the outstanding Shares. All other conditions to the Offer were satisfied or waived. As a result, on December 13, 2018, promptly after the expiration of the Offer, Purchaser irrevocably accepted for payment all Shares that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer and payment for such Shares has been made to the depository, which will act as agent for tendering stockholders whose Shares have been accepted for payment, in accordance with the terms of the Offer.
Offer Price
Also on December 13, 2018, the Company completed the acquisition of Datawatch through the merger of Purchaser with and into Datawatch, with Datawatch surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger). The Merger was governed by Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, with no stockholder vote required to consummate the Merger. At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), any Share not purchased pursuant to the Offer (other than Shares (i) owned by Datawatchs stockholders who have perfected their statutory rights of appraisal under Delaware law, (ii) then owned by Datawatch or owned both at the commencement of the Offer and at the Effective Time by any wholly owned subsidiary of Datawatch and (iii) irrevocably accepted for purchase in the Offer or owned both at the commencement of the Offer and at the Effective Time by Purchaser, the Company or any other wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Offer Price, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes.
Effective Time
In connection with the closing of the Offer and the Merger, the Company paid approximately $176 million for the Shares, without giving effect to related transaction fees and expenses. The Company funded these payments from available cash on hand and a drawdown from its existing credit facility.
The foregoing summary of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement filed as Exhibit 2.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 5, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.
