Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On November 14, 2018, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 9, 2017, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated as of May 8, 2018 (together, the Merger Agreement), by and among B. Riley Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), B.R. Acquisition Ltd., an Israeli corporation and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), and magicJack VocalTec Ltd., an Israeli corporation (magicJack), Merger Sub merged with and into magicJack with magicJack continuing as the surviving corporation as an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger).
Company
Merger Sub
magicJack
Merger
On November 9, 2018, the parties entered into a Limited Waiver and Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to waive their rights to enforce the End Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) until November 16, 2018 and, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, designated November 14, 2018, or such other date agreed in writing by the parties, as the closing date of the Merger.
Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each outstanding ordinary share, no par value, of magicJack (magicJack Shares), other than shares owned by the Company or Merger Sub, or by any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Merger Sub, or magicJack (except to the extent held for the benefit of any third party, including any customer or investment fund) was converted into the right to receive $8.71 in cash without interest (the Per Share Merger Consideration).
magicJack Shares
Per Share Merger Consideration
In addition, subject to certain exceptions, at the Effective Time, each outstanding option to acquire magicJack Shares, whether vested or unvested, was, automatically and without any required action on the part of the holder thereof, cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, less applicable tax withholdings, equal to the product of (i) the number of magicJack Shares underlying such option and (ii) the excess, if any, of the Per Share Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of such option; provided, however, that any such option having an exercise price per share equal to or greater than the Per Share Merger Consideration was cancelled in exchange for no consideration. At the Effective Time, each outstanding award of magicJack Shares that was subject to forfeiture or other restrictions (collectively, Restricted Shares) became vested if and to the extent provided by the terms of such award, and any portion that did not become vested was forfeited. Each vested Restricted Share was, automatically and without any required action on the part of the holder thereof, cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash less applicable tax withholdings, equal to the product of (a) the Per Share Merger Consideration, multiplied by (b) the number of magicJack Shares underlying such Restricted Share.
The aggregate consideration paid by the Company in the Merger was approximately $143 million in cash, without giving effect to related transaction fees and expenses, which amount was funded with cash on hand.
In connection with the closing of the Merger, on November 9, 2018, pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2018 (the Share Purchase Agreement), by and between B. Riley Principal Investments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (BRPI), and YMax Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of magicJack (YMax), BRPI purchased from YMax 5,942,715 magicJack shares (the Purchased Shares) for aggregate cash consideration in the amount of $33.0 million in an effort to acquire all of the issued shares of magicJack in connection with the Merger.
BRPI
YMax
Purchased Shares
The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2017, which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.
