Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 5, 2018, Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. (the Company) completed the previously announced sale of the Companys MEGTEC and Universal businesses to Drr (as defined below) for $130 million, subject to certain adjustments, pursuant to the stock purchase agreement (the Agreement), dated June 5, 2018, with Drr AG and its wholly owned subsidiary Drr Inc. (collectively, "Drr").
Company
) completed the previously announced sale of the Companys MEGTEC and Universal businesses to Drr (as defined below) for $130 million, subject to certain adjustments, pursuant to the stock purchase agreement (the 
Agreement
), dated June 5, 2018, with Drr AG and its wholly owned subsidiary Drr Inc. (collectively, "Drr").
The Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, reference to Exhibit 2.1. The filed copy of the Agreement is intended to provide investors and security holders with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other financial information about the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates. The representations, warranties, and covenants contained in such agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, are solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk among the parties thereto instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties, or covenants or any description thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties, and covenants may change after the date of such agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys public disclosures.
Item 7.01.Regulation FD Disclosure.
