Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously disclosed, on September 28, 2018, CafePress Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with Snapfish, LLC, a California limited liability company (Parent) and Snapfish Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub).
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub commenced a tender offer (the Offer) to purchase all of the outstanding shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, $0.0001 par value, at a price of $1.48 per share in cash, without interest (the Offer Price), subject to any applicable withholding taxes, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated October 12, 2018 (as amended or supplemented from time to time), and in the related Letter of Transmittal (as amended or supplemented from time to time).
The Offer expired at midnight, New York time at the end of November 8, 2018 (the Expiration Time). The depositary and paying agent for the Offer advised that, as of the Expiration Time, a total of 14,235,152 Shares had been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, which tendered Shares represented approximately 82.9% of the outstanding Shares as of the Expiration Time (not including 90,620 Shares delivered through Notices of Guaranteed Delivery, representing approximately 0.5% of the Shares outstanding). Merger Sub accepted for exchange all such Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer.
On November 9, 2018, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Parent completed its acquisition of CafePress when Merger Sub merged with and into CafePress (the Merger), with CafePress continuing as the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation) in the Merger and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent.
The Merger was governed by Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), with no stockholder vote required to consummate the Merger. At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each Share (other than the Shares held in the treasury of the Company, Shares held owned by Parent, Merger Sub or any other affiliate of Parent, and Shares as to which appraisal rights have been perfected in accordance with applicable law, which were canceled and extinguished) was converted into the right to receive the Offer Price.
The Offer Price and related costs and expenses were funded from (i) available cash on hand, and (ii) cash on hand at CafePress.
The foregoing descriptions of the Offer, the Merger and the Merger Agreement in this Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to CafePress Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 28, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference.
Form 8-K,
