Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On December 31, 2018, Capri Holdings Limited (formerly named Michael Kors Holdings Limited, the Company) completed its previously announced acquisition (the Acquisition) of Gianni Versace S.p.A. (Versace), through the acquisition, directly and indirectly, of all outstanding equity interests of Versace. The Acquisition was completed pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2018 (the Purchase Agreement), by and among the Company, certain members of the Versace family and certain affiliates of The Blackstone Group L.P., and the related Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2018, by and among the Company and certain management members of Versace. The Acquisition includes the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding equity interests of GIVI Holding S.p.A. (GIVI), which directly held approximately 80% of the outstanding equity interests of Versace. The aggregate purchase price paid by the Company for the Acquisition was based on an enterprise value for Versace of 1.83 billion (or approximately US$2.12 billion on the date of announcement). As previously disclosed, the cash portion of the purchase price was funded by a combination of cash on hand, drawings under the Companys revolving credit facility, and bank term loans.
Acquisition
Versace
Purchase Agreement
GIVI
In connection with the Acquisition, the Company changed its name from Michael Kors Holdings Limited to Capri Holdings Limited, effective as of December 31, 2018. Beginning on January 2, 2019, the Company will trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker CPRI.
The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference.
