Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The disclosures contained in Item 1.01 are hereby incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.
Item 3.03 Material Modification of Rights of Security Holders. The disclosures contained in Item 1.01 are hereby incorporated into this Item 3.03 by reference. Item 8.01 Other Events. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement On the Closing Date, in connection with the Restructuring, CCF Holdings entered into an Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement with each of the Members (as defined therein) (the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement). The Amended and Restated LLC Agreement provides the terms governing the issuance of the various classes of equity by CCF Holdings and other matters relating to the operation and governance of CCF Holdings. Only Class A Common Units, Class B Common Units and Class C Common Units were issued on the Closing Date. Class M Common Units have been reserved for issuance pursuant to a management incentive plan to be approved by CCF Holdings Board of Managers and may represent up to 15% of the economic interest in CCF Holdings. The Class C Common Units currently represent 0% of the economic interest in CCF Holdings. However, if certain thresholds specified in the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement are met, Class C Common Units would be entitled to distributions pursuant to the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement. Of the current economic interests, 85% is allocable to the Class A Common Units and 15% is allocable to the Class B Common Units. However, in the event of a redemption pursuant to the equity redemption right in the PIK Notes Indenture described below, the Class A Common Units issued as of the Closing Date will be substantially diluted and, in most circumstances, would represent approximately 1% of the Class A Common Units following such redemption. Class B Common Units will be the sole voting units until the earlier of (i) the full repayment in cash of all indebtedness owed under the PIK Notes, and (ii) the issuance of Class A Common Units as a result of the exchange, redemption, repurchase or settlement of the PIK Notes in accordance with the PIK Notes Indenture (the occurrence of the events described in either of clause (i) or (ii), a Class B Conversion Event). The Class B Common Units will automatically convert into an equal number of Class A Common Units at the time of a Class B Conversion Event, and following such conversion the Class A Common Units will be the sole voting units. Except with respect to amendments to the provisions in the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement affecting the rights and obligations of Class C Common Units and Class M Common Units, holders of Class C Common Units and Class M Common Units do not have any voting rights. In addition, certain holders of voting units as described in the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement have specified approvals rights over certain actions of CCF Holdings. Such approval rights include approval of (i) issuances, redemptions and repurchases of any units of CCF Holdings or any equity securities of any subsidiaries; (ii) the entering into or approval of a management incentive plan or the modification of any management incentive plan that would result in the number of authorized Class M Common Units being greater than 15% of the sum of the total number of outstanding units; (iii) the entering into of any agreement to effect a public offering; (iv) the incurrence of debt by CCF Holdings and its subsidiaries; (v) the issuance of Additional Financing Units (as defined in the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement) in excess of the cap set forth therein; (vi) the giving by CCF Holdings or any of its subsidiaries of any guaranties or indemnities in connection with debt or other obligations; (vii) the modification or amendments of the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement or the Certificate of Formation of CCF Holdings; (viii) entering into or consummating any Change of Control Transaction (as defined in the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement); (ix) certain affiliate transactions in excess of $5.0 million; (x) any redemption or repurchase or other satisfaction of the PIK notes in which the holders of the PIK Notes will receive cash consideration; and (xi) changing the principal place of business of CCF Holdings to a place or places outside of the United States. Such approval rights are subject to various qualifications and exceptions as set forth in the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement. The Class A Common Units, Class B Common Units and Class C Common Units issued in connection with the Restructuring were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and are subject to transfer restrictions set forth in the legends thereto. The Class A Common Units (CUSIP No. 12509J 109) and Class B Common Units (CUSIP No. 12509J 307) are restricted for trading pursuant to the Securities Act. The transfer agent for the units of CCF Holdings is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC (AST). The foregoing description of the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the document, which is filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.
Item 3.03 Material Modification of Rights of Security Holders.
