Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As Creative Realities, Inc. (the Company) previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 20, 2018, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement effective September 20, 2018 with Christie Digital Systems, Inc. (the Purchase Agreement) to acquire Allure Global Solutions, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Christie Digital Systems (Allure).
On November 20, 2018, the Company completed the acquisition of Allure pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. As a result of the transaction, Allure became the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
Upon the closing of the acquisition, the Company acquired ownership of all of Allures issued and outstanding capital stock in consideration for a total purchase price of approximately $10.3 million, subject to a post-closing working capital adjustment. Of this purchase price amount, the Company paid approximately $6.75 million in cash, $1.25 million through the assumption of certain retention bonus obligations of Allure, and $2.3 million through continuing debt of Allure.
The debt of Allure is evidenced by an Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note. The Notes maturity date is 15 months from the issuance date, and no principal is due until maturity. However, if Allure receives any payments from a specified customer, it must satisfy up to $660,000 of principal upon receipt of such payments. Interest is due quarterly on the outstanding principal amount of the Note.
The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement, Note and the transactions contemplated thereby is not a complete description thereof and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this report, and the full text of the Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note, which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this report.
On November 26, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing that it had completed the acquisition of Allure, which press release is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this report.
