Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On November 12, 2018, Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company or Cumberland) completed the purchase (the Transaction) described in the previously announced Asset Purchase Agreement dated November 1, 2018 (the Agreement) with Theravance Biopharma Ireland Limited and Theravance Biopharma US, Inc. (collectively, Sellers, and each a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Theravance Biopharma, Inc. (Theravance)), pursuant to which the Company acquired from Sellers assets related to the manufacture, marketing and sale of Theravances proprietary antibiotic, VIBATIV (telavancin) (VIBATIV or the Product). Under the terms of the agreement, Cumberland assumed full responsibility for the product including its marketing, distribution, manufacturing and regulatory activities.
Company
 or 
Cumberland
) completed the purchase (the 
Transaction
) described in the previously announced Asset Purchase Agreement dated November 1, 2018 (the 
) with Theravance Biopharma Ireland Limited and Theravance Biopharma US, Inc. (collectively, 
Sellers
, and each a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Theravance Biopharma, Inc. (
)), pursuant to which the Company acquired from Sellers assets related to the manufacture, marketing and sale of Theravances proprietary antibiotic, VIBATIV (telavancin) (
 or the 
Product
). Under the terms of the agreement, Cumberland assumed full responsibility for the product including its marketing, distribution, manufacturing and regulatory activities.
Upon closing the Transaction, Cumberland paid an initial payment of $20 million to Sellers. Cumberland used funds from its Revolving Credit Loan with Pinnacle Bank to fund the initial payment. The remainder of the purchase price will be paid to Sellers through a $5 million additional payment in early 2019 and tiered royalties up to 20% on future U.S. net sales of the Product.
The foregoing summary of the Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the complete text of the Agreement, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
