Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As discussed in the Introductory Note above, on November 29, 2018, Diamondback completed its previously announced Merger with Energen. At the effective time of the Merger, each eligible share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Energen (Energen Common Stock), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, was converted into the right to receive 0.6442 of a share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Diamondback (Diamondback Common Stock), plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares that otherwise would have been issued (the Merger Consideration).
At the effective time of the Merger, (1) each outstanding stock option of Energen was converted into a stock option of equivalent value relating to shares of Diamondback Common Stock on the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, (2) each stock appreciation right in respect of Energen Common Stock was converted into a stock appreciation right of equivalent value relating to shares of Diamondback Common Stock on the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, (3) each outstanding performance share award of Energen with a performance period that is scheduled to terminate on December 31, 2018 became fully vested and was converted into the Merger Consideration with respect to each share subject to such award and (4) each outstanding time-vesting restricted stock unit award of Energen and (other than as provided in clause (3)) each performance share award of Energen was converted into a time-vesting Diamondback restricted stock unit award of equivalent value on the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement. Performance goals applicable to Energen performance share awards were deemed satisfied at the greater of target and actual performance as of the date of the Merger, as determined in accordance with the Merger Agreement.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to Diamondbacks Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 15, 2018 and is incorporated by reference herein.
The issuance of Diamondback Common Stock in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333- 227328), as amended, declared effective by the SEC on October 24, 2018. The joint proxy statement/prospectus included in the registration statement contains additional information about the Merger.
