Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On November 1, 2018 (the Effective Date), 9374-8572 Delaware Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Alithya Group inc., a newly-formed Qubec corporation (New Alithya), merged with and into Edgewater Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Edgewater), with Edgewater surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Alithya (the Merger). The Merger was effected pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2018, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto dated as of September 10, 2018 and Amendment No. 2 thereto dated as of October 17, 2018 (as so amended, the Arrangement Agreement), among Alithya Group Inc., a Qubec corporation (Alithya), New Alithya, Merger Sub and Edgewater. On the Effective Date, each of Alithya and Edgewater became a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Alithya in accordance with the Arrangement Agreement and an arrangement approved by Superior Court of Qubec (the Arrangement) and Edgewater was renamed Alithya USA, Inc.
Pursuant to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, upon the completion of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of common stock, U.S.$0.01 par value per share, of Edgewater (Edgewater Common Stock) was converted into the right to receive 1.1918 fully-paid and nonassessable shares of New Alithya Class A subordinate voting stock, no par value (New Alithya Subordinate Voting Shares), rounded up to the nearest whole New Alithya Subordinate Voting Share. In addition, on October 19, 2018, the Edgewater Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend in the amount of U.S.$1.15 per share of Edgewater Common Stock payable on or around November 9, 2018 to Edgewaters stockholders of record at the close of business on October 31, 2018. Due to the contingent nature of the Edgewater special cash dividend, Edgewater Common Stock traded with due bills representing an assignment of the right to receive the special cash dividend during the period from October 30, 2018 until the close of trading on November 1, 2018. Edgewater stockholders who sold their shares through NASDAQ on or after October 30, 2018 until the closing of trading on November 1, 2018 also sold their entitlement to the special cash dividend to the respective purchasers of shares.
On the Effective Date, each common share, no par value (Alithya Common Shares), of Alithya and each multiple voting common share, no par value (Alithya Multiple Voting Shares and, together with Alithya Common Shares, Alithya Shares), of Alithya then issued and outstanding were cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive one newly issued New Alithya Subordinate Voting Share and one newly issued Class B multiple voting share, no par value (New Alithya Multiple Voting Shares and, together with New Alithya Subordinate Voting Shares, New Alithya Shares), of New Alithya, respectively. On the Effective Date, the former stockholders of Edgewater and the former shareholders of Alithya were issued approximately 40% and 60% of the total number New Alithya Shares on a fully-diluted basis, respectively (excluding the New Alithya Subordinate Voting Shares issued to investors in Alithyas private placement that closed on October 30, 2018). However, because New Alithya Multiple Voting Shares were issued only to those former Alithya shareholders which previously held Alithya Multiple Voting Shares, the former stockholders of Edgewater and the former shareholders of Alithya received on the Effective Date approximately 16% and 84% of the total voting power of the total New Alithya Shares then issued, respectively (excluding the New Alithya Subordinate Voting Shares issued to investors in Alithyas private placement that closed on October 30, 2018).
The issuance of New Alithya Subordinate Voting Shares in connection with the Arrangement was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to New Alithyas registration statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-227310) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and declared effective on September 27, 2018. The prospectus/proxy statement dated September 28, 2018 (the Prospectus/Proxy Statement) and the supplement thereto dated October 23, 2018 (the Supplement), as filed under the Registration Statement, contains additional information about the Merger and the Arrangement. Additional information about the Merger and the Arrangement is also contained in Current Reports on Form 8-K filed by Edgewater and incorporated by reference into the Prospectus/Proxy Statement.
No. 333-227310)
8-K
The New Alithya Subordinate Voting Shares have been approved for listing (subject only to official notice of issuance), on the Nasdaq Capital Market and conditionally approved for listing on the Toronto Stock Exchange (subject only to satisfaction of customary listing conditions) under the symbol ALYA. New Alithya anticipates that trading in the New Alithya Subordinate Voting Shares will commence on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Toronto Stock Exchange on or about November 2, 2018.
In connection with the completion of the Arrangement, New Alithya received binding agreements from certain former Edgewater stockholders and Alithya shareholders not to sell their New Alithya Subordinate Voting Shares or New Alithya Multiple Voting Shares for a minimum period of 12 months following the Effective Date, without receiving New Alithyas prior written consent. Those former Edgewater stockholders and Alithya shareholders included Ancora Advisors, LLC (which prior to the Effective Date owned approximately 10.2% of the
2
