ITEM 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
Emclaire Financial Corp ("Emclaire") has completed its acquisition of Community First Bancorp, Inc. ("Community First"). Effective on October 1, 2018, Community First merged with and into Emclaire (the "Merger") in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 24, 2018, by and between Emclaire and Community First (the "Merger Agreement"). Immediately following the Merger, Community First Bank, a Pennsylvania bank and the banking subsidiary of Community First merged with and into The Farmers National Bank of Emlenton, a national bank and the wholly-owned banking subsidiary of Emclaire ("Farmers National") (the "Bank Merger"), pursuant to a related Agreement of Merger (the "Bank Merger Agreement").
Pursuant to the Merger, each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.50 per share, of Community First issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than certain shares held directly or indirectly by Emclaire or Community First), have been converted into the right to receive 1.2008 shares of common stock, par value $1.25 per share, of Emclaire, plus $6.95 in cash. In addition, pursuant to the Bank Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of Community First Bank's Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock have been converted into the right to receive one share of Series C Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock of Emclaire and each outstanding share of Community First Bank's Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock have been converted into the right to receive one share Series D Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock of Emclaire.
plus $6.95 in cash.
In addition, pursuant to the Bank Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of Community First Bank's Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock have been converted into the right to receive one share of Series C Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock of Emclaire and each outstanding share of Community First Bank's Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock have been converted into the right to receive one share Series D Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock of Emclaire.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
