Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On December 20, 2018, Enbridge Inc. (Enbridge) completed its previously announced acquisition of Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP) pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 17, 2018 (the Merger Agreement), by and among EEP, Enbridge Energy Company, Inc. (EECI), Enbridge Energy Management, L.L.C. (EEQ), Enbridge, Enbridge (U.S.) Inc., Winter Acquisition Sub II, LLC (Merger Sub) and, solely for the purposes of Articles I, II and XI, Enbridge US Holdings Inc. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into EEP, with EEP continuing as the surviving entity and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Enbridge (the Merger).
As a result of the Merger, each Class A common unit of EEP representing limited partner interests in EEP (each, an EEP Class A Common Unit) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (excluding certain Excluded Units, as defined in the Merger Agreement) was converted into the right to receive from Enbridge 0.335 of a common share of Enbridge (Enbridge Share and such consideration, the Merger Consideration).
Enbridge issued [] Enbridge Shares in connection with the Merger. The issuance of the Enbridge Shares in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to Enbridges registration statement on Form S-4 (Reg No. 333-227767), declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2018. The proxy statement/prospectus included in the registration statement contains additional information about the Merger.
No. 333-227767),
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to EEPs Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 19, 2018.
