Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 18, 2018, Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc., a Delaware corporation (EGC) became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of MLCJR LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Cox), as a result of the merger of YHIMONE, Inc. (Merger Sub), a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of CEXXI, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct wholly owned subsidiary of Cox (Holdco), with and into EGC, with EGC as the surviving corporation (the Merger). The Merger was effected pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 18, 2018, by and among EGC, Cox and Merger Sub (as amended, the Merger Agreement).
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each issued and outstanding share of EGC common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock), was converted into the right to receive $9.10 cash without interest (the Merger Consideration).
In connection with the Merger, each EGC restricted stock unit (RSU), whether or not vested, accelerated (if not already vested), with any performance conditions deemed achieved at target, and was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such RSU.
The exercise price for each outstanding stock option to purchase shares of Common Stock was greater than the Merger Consideration. As a result, in connection with the Merger, each stock option, regardless of whether vested or unvested, was cancelled for no consideration and the holder has no further rights with respect to such stock option.
In accordance with the warrant agreement under which the EGC warrants were issued, the warrants no longer represented the right to acquire shares of Common Stock at the effective time of the Merger. Instead, at that time, each warrant became exercisable for $9.10 in cash, but the warrant holder would be required to pay the warrants cash exercise price of $43.66 per share in order to receive $9.10. Therefore, as provided for in the Merger Agreement, in connection with the Merger, each outstanding warrant was cancelled for no consideration.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger is only a summary, does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to EGCs Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 18, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference.
