Item. 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 1, 2018, pursuant to the terms of and as set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub was merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of EVH LLC. In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Evolent Entities issued and paid, as applicable, the Equityholders approximately 3,075,929 Class B Shares and Class B Units and approximately $115.7 million in cash from cash on hand. In addition to the Merger Consideration, the Equityholders and certain members of the Companys management are eligible to receive, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement related to the Companys operating results in 2019, additional consideration of up to $20,000,000, payable and issuable, as applicable, with respect to the Equityholders, 50% in cash and 50% in Class B Shares and Class B Units (provided that such additional consideration may be paid 100% in cash at the election of the Evolent Entities), and, with respect to certain members of the Companys management, in cash or Class A Shares in settlement of Performance Compensation Awards that were issued to them under EVH, Inc.s 2015 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan.
), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of EVH LLC. In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Evolent Entities issued and paid, as applicable, the Equityholders approximately 3,075,929 Class B Shares and Class B Units and approximately $115.7 million in cash from cash on hand. In addition to the Merger Consideration, the Equityholders and certain members of the Companys management are eligible to receive, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement related to the Companys operating results in 2019, additional consideration of up to $20,000,000, payable and issuable, as applicable, with respect to the Equityholders, 50% in cash and 50% in Class B Shares and Class B Units (
provided
that such additional consideration may be paid 100% in cash at the election of the Evolent Entities), and, with respect to certain members of the Companys management, in cash or Class A Shares in settlement of Performance Compensation Awards that were issued to them under EVH, Inc.s 2015 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, does not purport to be complete and is subject, and is qualified in its entirety by reference, to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K EVH, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 12, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.
SEC
) on September 12, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.
The representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties thereto. In addition, such representations and warranties (a) were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement, (b) were or are qualified by certain documents EVH, Inc. filed with, or furnished to, the SEC prior to the date of the Merger Agreement, (c) were or are qualified by confidential disclosures the parties made to each other in connection with the Merger Agreement, (d) were or are subject to materiality qualifications contained in the Merger Agreement, which may differ from what investors may view as material, (e) were made only as of the date of the Merger Agreement or such other date as is specified in the Merger Agreement and (f) were included in the Merger Agreement for purposes of allocating risk among the parties rather than establishing matters as facts. Accordingly, the Merger Agreement is only incorporated herein by reference to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Merger Agreement, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the parties thereto or their respective subsidiaries or businesses. Investors should not rely on the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties thereto or any of their respective subsidiaries or businesses.
Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.
