Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously disclosed, on September 7, 2018, Freds Stores of Tennessee, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Seller) and wholly owned subsidiary of Freds, Inc. (the Company), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement) with Walgreen Co., an Illinois corporation (Buyer). On October 23, 2018, Seller and Buyer entered into an amendment to the Asset Purchase Agreement (the Amendment). Under the Asset Purchase Agreement, as amended by the Amendment (the Amended Asset Purchase Agreement), Buyer agreed to purchase from Seller certain prescription files and related data and records, retail pharmaceutical inventory, and certain other assets from 179 of the Companys retail pharmacy stores (collectively, the Assets) for a cash purchase price of approximately $157 million plus an amount equal to the value of the inventory included in the Assets up to an approximately $35 million cap, in each case subject to certain adjustments (the Transaction). As of November 20, 2018, the Company had completed the disposition of a significant amount of the Companys assets within the meaning of, and in accordance with, the standards set forth in Item 2.01 of Form 8-K.
As previously disclosed, Seller has been transferring ownership of the Assets to Buyer in a series of ongoing closings, with the initial closing occurring on November 13, 2018 and the final closing expected to occur in the first quarter of calendar year 2019. As of November 20, 2018, Seller has transferred to Buyer Assets from 53 stores and has received cash proceeds of approximately $68.3 million for such Assets, subject to adjustment for the final inventory valuation as described in the Amended Asset Purchase Agreement.
The proceeds received in the Transaction will be used to pay down the Companys existing indebtedness or for general corporate purposes. The remaining closings of the Transaction are subject to certain customary closing conditions as specified in the Amended Asset Purchase Agreement. Neither the Company nor Seller has any material relationship with Buyer or its subsidiaries out of the ordinary course of business other than in respect of the transactions contemplated by the Amended Asset Purchase Agreement, including the continued disposition of Assets.
This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed to provide unaudited pro forma financial information for the Company giving effect to the sale of all Assets contemplated to be sold to Buyer pursuant to the Amended Asset Purchase Agreement. Specifically, this pro forma financial information gives effect to the completion of the sale of the Assets pursuant to the terms of the Amended Asset Purchase Agreement, including the sale of the remaining Assets that had not occurred as of November 20, 2018 given that such sales are probable, in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X. Although the Company expects that the sale of the remaining Assets to Buyer will be consummated during the first quarter of calendar year 2019, there can be no assurance that all of the remaining closings will occur, and there can be no assurance that the Companys actual results would have been as set forth in the pro forma financial statements, and such differences could be material. In accordance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules, the Company intends to file additional Current Reports on Form 8-K to disclose the closings of the sale of the remaining Assets pursuant to the Amended Asset Purchase Agreement when the Company completes the subsequent disposition of a significant amount of the Assets pursuant to the applicable legal requirements. However, the Company does not intend to update the pro forma financial statements contained herein unless the Company is required to update such pro forma financial statements by applicable legal requirements.
The foregoing description of the Amended Asset Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Asset Purchase Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 10, 2018, which is incorporated herein by reference, and by the Amendment, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2018, and which is incorporated herein by reference.
