Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Securities Exchange Transaction with Natur Holdings, B.V
On November 13, 2018, Future Healthcare of America (the Company) completed the transactions (the Share Exchange Transaction) contemplated by that certain Share Exchange Agreement, among the Company and the former shareholders of Natur Holdings, B.V., a Netherlands-based holding company (Natur). In connection with the Share Exchange Transaction, the former shareholders of Natur received the equivalent of 215,759,999 shares of the Common Stock of the Company (the Common Stock), which was issued in part as 115,760,000 shares of Common Stock and in part as 100,000 shares of voting, convertible Series B Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series B Preferred Stock) representing 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock upon conversion. The Series B Preferred Stock will convert automatically upon the Company increasing its the number of shares of Common Stock of authorized capital, which it plans to do promptly so as to cause the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock. Immediately after the Share Exchange Transaction, the former Natur shareholders now collectively have a controlling position among the shareholders of the Company, and Natur has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
In connection with the Share Exchange Transaction, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) appointed Ms. Ellen Berkers as a director, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. For certain biographical and other information regarding the newly appointed officers and directors, see the disclosure under Item 5.02 of this report.
Business Overview
Natur Holding B.V. (formerly known as Naturalicious) is a young dynamic company, headquartered in the Netherlands, constantly refining and expanding its product offering and digital presence. The company was founded in late 2015.
Natur integrates new manufacturing technologies with standard practices to extend the shelf life of its products and yet remain Naturalicious (natural & delicious) to build out its value chain for the burgeoning market of 100% juices and healthy snacks. It has delivered its products in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom and plans on expanding in Europe and ultimately the United States. Our understanding and application of the technological aspects of manufacturing assures a pathogen-free food and beverage experience that preserve the nutrients and enzymes to the maximum level possible, while retaining the raw fresh nature of the products. The result being the best tasting product with the maximum goodness and highest nutrient density -- something the consumer seeks more and more in our target markets.
Our commitment to deliver to the consumers the best products possible in the market is strengthened with the market experience of our business partner, that is also a significant shareholder through their wholly owned subsidiary, the AMC Group, which is one of the leading European suppliers of white label natural juices to over 70 of the largest retail chains in Europe. AMC is well known as the sectors innovation leader with proprietary manufacturing, software and production technologies.
The AMC proprietary technologies, which at the core of the proposition incorporate HPP (Cold High Pressure Processing) and SNFC (Super Non-From Concentrate), hold in the taste of freshness and yet extends shelf life to over 6 months. AMC was one of the companys founders that invested initially in AMC NT to lock in the strategic links between the businesses.
The clear differentiator of the company is the Natur brand supported by its disruptive marketing; consumers are interested in what we produce and how we voice this to the market rather than how it is made. From an investment perspective, this is a fundamental component of our business model as we are not having to commit very significant capex to building our own modern production and bottling facilities to deliver into the increasing demand for our product.
Natur
brand supported by its disruptive marketing; consumers are interested in 
what we produce and how we voice this to the market
 rather than how it is made. From an investment perspective, this is a fundamental component of our business model as we are not having to commit very significant capex to building our own modern production and bottling facilities to deliver into the increasing demand for our product.
In the future we anticipate delivering documented nutrigenomic (functional) properties that we believe will be an aid to personal weight management, increase energy, lower cholesterol, counter sleep disorders and boost immunity response. We believe that these product aspects will uniquely position the Natur products at the top of the European market at a mid-market price point. This profile will be accessible internationally, as we have already undertaken preliminary discussions with distributors in major international markets outside Europe.
Our market profile will be further enhanced with the new Natur personalised snacking/juicing experience that will accelerate the trend towards snackification already present in more mature markets in the United States and Europe. To our portfolio of natural /organic snacks, we have developed a sophisticated App delivering social, functional and personalised engagement.
snackification
 already present in more mature markets in the United States and Europe. To our portfolio of natural /organic snacks, we have developed a sophisticated App delivering social, functional and personalised engagement.
1
This all reflects the Natur brand characteristics, shaped by the management vision of becoming a leader in the hi-tech health food and beverage marketplace; achieved by responding to changing market needs and staying continuously ahead of emerging trends. Natur also intends to address the demand of the consumer for knowledge about what he/she consumes with a greater level of supply chain transparency. It is envisioned that both for the retailer and consumer Natur could ultimately achieve this using the so-called block chain/ledger technologies. For the retailer an extra insight for their customers and the possibility to build a Natur community with the ensuing loyalty and reward programs, we believe can be an additional value proposition for our products.
brand characteristics, shaped by the management vision of becoming a leader in the hi-tech health food and beverage marketplace; achieved by responding to changing market needs and staying continuously ahead of emerging trends. Natur also intends to address the demand of the consumer for knowledge about what he/she consumes with a greater level of supply chain transparency. It is envisioned that both for the retailer and consumer Natur could ultimately achieve this using the so-called block chain/ledger technologies. For the retailer an extra insight for their customers and the possibility to build a Natur community with the ensuing loyalty and reward programs, we believe can be an additional value proposition for our products.
Corporate Management
The Company and Natur Holding has gathered a top team of experienced management in the field of food and beverage, who have an in-depth knowledge of the market arena for our products and yet have the right fit of discipline and entrepreneurial vision and drive.
The Natur Holding non-executive board has top industry relevant experience and has a hands-on drive to make the company successful and to gain a leadership position in the healthy product food and beverage market place through the offering of a palette of products that not only are natural and delicious but with functional beneficial properties and can also be supplied as organic. Their expertise and insights in the digital world will also help drive the Natur to embrace these new delivery frontiers.
From Farm to Fridge
The founders and management believe Natur will evolve to become one of the leaders in the European market and later in the United States farm to fridge market segment, supplying superior fruit and vegetable juices, smoothies, and natural and organic snacks. Natur is able to accommodate a great speed of market innovation and is able to meet market demands quickly; therefore Natur is well positioned to establish its market share and partner with the major international leaders to distribute our products.
