Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 3, 2018, NuGenerex Distribution Solutions, LLC (NuGenerex), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Generex Biotechnology Corporation (Generex), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) with Veneto Holdings, L.L.C. (Veneto), pursuant to which NuGenerex has purchased, and will purchase, certain assets of Veneto and its subsidiaries (the Assets). The Agreement contains provisions regarding payment terms, confidentiality and indemnification, as well as other customary provisions.
The Agreement provides for a bifurcated closing, the first of which took place on October 3, 2018 (the First Closing). At the First Closing, NuGenerex purchased the operating assets of (a) seven dispensing pharmacies, (b) a wholesale pharmacy purchasing company, and (c) an in-network laboratory (the First Closing Assets). In consideration of the sale, transfer, and assignment of the First Closing Assets on the First Closing Date, NuGenerex executed and delivered to Veneto a secured promissory note in the principal amount of $15,000,000 (the Promissory Note) guaranteed by Generex and Generexs Chief Executive Officer, Joseph Moscato. The terms of the Note are described below in Item 2.03.
Promissory Note
NuGenerex intends to complete the acquisition of Assets from Veneto at a second closing (the Second Closing) on or before November 1, 2018. The Assets to be acquired at the Second Closing (Second Closing Assets) consist primarily of Venetos interests in, and contracts with, Management Service Organizations (MSOs) serving pharmacies, laboratories, and other ancillary service providers. The Agreement is subject to a number of closing conditions that must be satisfied prior to the Second Closing, and either party may terminate the Agreement if the Second Closing does not occur on or before November 1, 2018. As described below, these closing conditions include significant funding to be obtained by NuGenerex, and there is no assurance that the Second Closing will occur.
The aggregate purchase price for the Assets, is $30,000,000 including the Promissory Note. At the Second Closing, this amount will be paid as follows: (i) NuGenerex will pay the principal of the Promissory Note plus interest to Veneto, (ii) $9,000,000 will be paid by NuGenerex into a trust or other fiduciary account acceptable to Veneto to be used exclusively for satisfaction of certain contingent liabilities of Veneto and subsidiaries of Veneto not being acquired by NuGenerex (for a period of time to be agreed to by Generexs lender) (iii) $3,000,000 will be paid by NuGenerex into an escrow account to secure potential obligations of Veneto in respect of the Second Closing date working capital and under the indemnification provisions of the Agreement and (iv) the balance will be payable directly to Veneto in cash.
Generex has received a non-binding letter of intent from a lender to provide the funds necessary to complete the Second Closing (as opposed to Generex equity or convertible instruments). The lender is continuing its due diligence at this time, and has not yet supplied definitive loan documents.
NuGenerex has entered into a temporary fee-for-service arrangement with Veneto and one of its subsidiaries for Veneto to provide managements, personnel, operational, administrative and other services with respect to the First Closing Assets pending the Second Closing. At the Second Closing, all of Veneto personnel providing these services are expected to become employees or consultants of NuGenerex, and Veneto will no longer provide the services. If the Agreement terminated without a Second Closing, those arrangements will continue for one year from the First Closing.
