ITEM 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On November 26, 2018, the Company entered into an acquisition agreement (the Acquisition Agreement) with GDHI.
The Acquisition effected by the Company through the exchange of all the outstanding shares of GDHI for 200 shares of common stock of the Company, valued at $0.0001 per share. At the time of the Acquisition, the major shareholder of the Company was also the sole shareholder GDHI . GDHI has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the Company has taken over its operations and business plan. Prior to the Acquisition, the Company had no ongoing business or operations.
GDHI is a successfully operating snack and gourmet food company. It travels the world and attends global food trade shows to look for unique products and snacks. When it locates exciting and suitable products, it will enter into a non-exclusive manufacturing contract a factory to produce the product under its own trademarked brands for sale in the United States and global markets. It currently maintains five trademarked brands; each of which trademarked brands covers a numerous variety of products (known as SKUs) offered under that brand name. GDHI has a direct distribution relationship with several Fortune 500 companies including club and retail chain stores. It also sells and distributes to vending machine channels as well as food service distributors.
The products are sold throughout the United States and global markets to buyers which typically represent recognized large retail chain stores. The products are then distributed by the chains to their local outlets. GDHI locates and develops snacks and gourmet foods to brand under its trademarks based on feedback and demand. The Company works closely with buyers to determine what products to locate and produce and to supply to the buyers.
BUSINESS AND BUSINESS PLAN
Prior to the Acquisition, the Company had no business or operations. Pursuant to the Acquisition, the Company has acquired the business plan, operations and contracts of its now wholly-owned subsidiary, GDHI. The discussion hereinafter of the business and operations of the Company refer to the Company subsequent to the Merger with GDHI and all such discussions primarily report the operations of its now subsidiary unless otherwise so indicated.
Business Overview
The Company intends to continue to develop additional gourmet foods and snack products under its own trademarked brands expanding the Companys offering portfolio. Management believes that the acquisition of small brands that have regional success and adding these to the Companys national distribution can immediately generate additional revenue streams for the Company.
The Company intends to conduct an offering of up to 2,500,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $2 per share. The Company anticipates it will file a registration statement on Form S-1 for such offering quickly following the filing of this Report on Form 8-K
Retail Outlets
The Company sells its products throughout the United States and global markets to buyers which typically represent recognized large retail chain stores. The products are then distributed by the chains to their local outlets. The Company locates and develops snacks and gourmet foods to brand under its trademarks based on feedback and demand. The Company works closely with buyers to determine what products to locate and produce and to supply to the buyers.
The Company intends to continue to develop additional gourmet foods and snack products under its own trademarked brands expanding the Companys offering portfolio. Management believes that the acquisition of small regional brands that have success in the regional markets and adding these to the Companys national distribution can immediately generate additional revenue streams for the Company.
The products are chosen based on the trend of consumer interests as garnered by the Company as well as certain requests from the buyers as to what they are looking for to add to their product offerings. If the product sales are not within the projected targets, then the Company will discontinue that product. To date, the Company has not discontinued a product for failure to meet its projected targets.
Although the Company does not have long-term contracts with any of retail chains, it has been supplying its current chain retail stores for several years. In the food industry, there are no on-going contracts. A buyers will place a Purchase Order with the Company and the Company will deliver on it. If the product does well, the buyer typically will continue to reorder the product. Typical payment schedule for the Companys products are net 30 day terms.
Vending Operations
In addition to placing its products with large retail chains, the Company places its products in vending machines throughout the United States. These vending machines are located in malls, service stations and schools. The Company works with vending companies that have, in the aggregate, more than 100,000 machines nationwide. The Company supplies vending companies with product. The Company works directly with some vending companies and with others through its food service distributors. The broker pre-sells the products and the distributor services the accounts. When the distributor services the accounts, the distributor buys product directly from the Company and pays on a net 10 day term.
Products and Trademarked Brands
The Company currently has five trademark brands. Each brand encompasses numerous SKUs which are brought to market from time to time. The Company produces its products primarily on an on request basis from its retail chain buyers for sale through such chains.
The Companys trademark brands are listed on the left below with sample products for several of the trademarked brands itemized:
Puff Bites Sweet Puffs Choco Puffs BonBons de Paris Plain French Madeleines Marble French Madeleines
Sweet Puffs
Choco Puffs
Choco Puffs
BonBons de Paris Plain French Madeleines
Plain French Madeleines
Marble French Madeleines
Marble French Madeleines
CoCo Bliss Coconut Rolls Coconut Wafer Bites Biscottelli 250g Wafers Mini Wafer Chocolate Filled Croissant 150g Honey Wafer Fruttata Jams (in development)
Coconut Rolls
Coconut Wafer Bites
Coconut Wafer Bites
Biscottelli 250g Wafers
250g Wafers
Mini Wafer
Mini Wafer
Chocolate Filled Croissant
Chocolate Filled Croissant
150g Honey Wafer
150g Honey Wafer
Fruttata Jams (in development)
Jams (in development)
Retail Chain Buyers
The primary distribution of the Companys products are through several major retail chains. The Company works with the buyers who place orders for the Companys products. The retail chain represented by these buyers will then distribute the product to its retail outlets.
Marketing
The Companys products appeal to a wide range of consumers, including most all age brackets. The young snackers, classified as those being between the ages of 18-34, tend to consume more snacks then average adult but the gourmet foods reach the broader adult market. The senior market tends to reduce snacks and gourmet foods.
The Company anticipates that its marketing strategy will use the internet and social media, having viral marketing contents via Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. The Companys distribution channels consist of retailers, distributors, online e-commerce and vending companies. The Companys marketing strategy is primarily targeted to the vendors and retail chain stores. The Company intends to utilize social media to create direct consumer interest in its products.
The Company anticipates utilizing the following opportunities to further their marketing program and to obtain information to adjust and modify, as needed, the marketing program.:
Networking . Networking is a low-cost but often effective means for the Company to generate partnerships and growth while bolstering personal commitments to the Company. Management will join wholesalers associations to network with other food manufacturers and distributors.
Trade Shows. The Company plans to attend trade shows and exhibitions related to the food manufacturing industry, such as SIAL, PLMA Amsterdam, Thaifex, Fancy Food, CIBUS, ISM and ANUGA among others. Through attendance at conventions and trade shows, management remains knowledgeable and informed about advancements, trends and issues of concern in the market.
Direct Sales. The Company plans to employ a dedicated sales team to enact precise sales and promotional efforts.
Social Media and Food Blogging. The Company will manage its brand on social media sites, such as Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. Twitter has proven an effective platform to conduct customer satisfaction surveys as well as solicit customer feedback on food products.
The rise in popularity of the food blogging community has given consumers a massive platform on which to share their opinion and make their voices heard. This has led to a rise in consumer concerns about food, with increasing emphasis being placed on healthy eating and organic produce. The Company will use food blogging websites to promote its products and highlight benefits that appeal to a new generation of socially-aware consumers.
Website. A well-optimized website has been constructed, with proper site structure, page layout, and clear and easy navigation, along with targeted keywords embedded throughout the site to ensure prominent search engine placement and saturation. The Companys website www.360worldsnacks.com is an important marketing asset.
Product Activations
The Company will set up blind taste test at neutral locations, in stores, malls and snack shops to let consumers sample products and to determine consumer preferences, and most importantly, find out the basis for those preferences. Is it the taste, the packaging, or Company image? This will also serve as an opportunity for the Company to highlight its products directly to the consumer.
The Market
According to the market research firm IBISWorld, the Snack Food Production Industry has seen an average annual growth rate of 3.1% over the last five years, with industry revenue approximately $41.6 billion in 2018. In 2018, imports are 2.3% of domestic demand for snacks. The industry is projected to see an average annual growth rate of 4% over the next five years, placing industry revenue at approximately $50.6 billion in 2023.
The Company believes that these trends bode well it and similar companies as the appetite for exotic and ethnic flavors show a long-term potential. The Company is in a position to capitalize on such current market opportunities by utilizing its current distribution network and a pull sales strategy, with direct input from the buyer chains. The Company has been able to maintain strong profit margins because with its continual work with the buyers, it brings products to the market that the buyers are already seeking. This pull sales strategy leads to a good success rate in end consumer adoption, which leads to lower expenses and higher than average profit margins.
Competition
The snack food industry in the United States is very competitive, particularly in the savory and salty snack segment. Snacks are satisfying consumer cravings around the world with the snacking business growing to US$3.4 billion globally in 2017. In the United States, a study conducted by the Packaging Strategies reported that snacks account for 51% of all food sales, and 92% of adults in the US have snacked within the last 24 hours.
The snack industry has experienced an increase demand for healthy snacks. In the United States, companies are finding success in the snackable fruit and vegetable category, such as grapes or baby carrots. These portable-produce items are then repackaged into individual serving such as dried fruit and nut snack packs, small fresh smoothies and fruit cups. Consumers has shown a very positive response to this snacking sub-category making it a billion dollar industry with an compounded annual growth rate of 10% between 2012 and 2016.
A challenge facing entrants is snack and gourmet food market is the dominance of leading snack food producers, particularly the industry leader PepsiCo. Large producers experience a high degree of brand and consumer loyalty and possess sufficient capital to invest in extensive advertising and promotions to obtain a greater market share. Furthermore, companies such as PepsiCo benefit from higher profit margins when compared with small- to medium-sized operators, enabling them to lower their product prices and to engage in price-based competition with competitors. Multinational producers also experience lower per-unit costs due to economies of scale and scope.
Leading Snack and Gourmet Food Industry Companies
In addition to its already huge product base, PepsiCo announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Bare Foods Co., maker of baked fruit and vegetable snacks directed to the healthy eating snack food segment. Bare Snacks, which began by selling packaged baked apple chips, has expanded to banana and coconut snacks, as well as into vegetable chips, which are baked, rather than fried. The brands products are Non-GMO verified and are sold online and in natural and conventional retail channels across the country.
Snyders-Lance Inc. was created in 2010 from the merger of Snyders of Hanover and Lance and is a leading national snack food manufacturer having a market share of 5.9% in the United States. As of 2015, Snyders-Lance became a major player in the snack food production industry with the acquisition of Diamond Foods Inc. The company experienced robust growth over the past five years due to its strong acquisitions. Just prior to the period, in fall 2012, the company acquired Snack Factory, known for its pretzel-crisp products.
In addition to its ongoing strong presence in the industry, Post Holdings acquired the branded and private label cereals and snacks lines from Hearthside Foods for $158 million in June of 2013 from Wind Point Partners. A few months earlier, Post had also acquired Attune Foods, adding to their share of the natural breakfast food market. Founded in 2009, Hearthside Foods is based in Downers Grove, Illinois and produces organic and natural cereal, granola, and snacks such as bars and cookies. In fact, they describe themselves as America's largest producer of grain-based bars. While Hearthside Foods has a huge contract manufacturing business, Post Holdings acquired the branded and private label lines (such as Golden Temple, Peace Cereal, Sweet Home Farm) that Hearthside Foods owned  a strategic move on Hearthside's part so that they can focus on contract manufacturing customers.
Hillshire Brands acquired Vans Natural Foods for $165 million in May of 2014 from Catterton Partners. Founded in 1988, Vans Natural Foods is based in Peoria, Illinois and produces gluten-free breakfast foods. The acquisition gave Hillshire's a significant entry into the natural foods category, adding a diverse line of natural breakfast foods and grain-based snacks to Hillshire's frozen breakfast offerings, which include the Jimmy Dean's brand.
Employees
The Company has only one executive officers and one staff employee.
Subsidiaries
The wholly-owned subsidiary, Global Diversified Holdings Inc., is the Companys only subsidiary.
Property
The Company has its office headquarters at 4042 Austin Boulevard, Suite B, Island Park, New York 11558 where it leases 1,000 SF for $19,680. The Company maintains a 12,000 sq. ft. warehouse in Inwood, New York. The Companys website is www.360worldsnacks.com.
Legal Matters
The Company is not aware of any material, existing or pending legal proceedings against it nor is it involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation.
THE COMPANY
Background
Global Diversified Marketing Group Inc.,, formerly known as Dense Forest Acquisition Corporation (Global or the Company), was incorporated in Delaware on December 1, 2017. The Company filed a registration statement on Form 10 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on January 19, 2018 registering its common stock by which it became a public reporting company sixty days thereafter.
The Companys offices are located at 4042 Austin Boulevard, Suite B, Island Park, New York 11558 and its telephone is 800-550-5996.
s offices are located at 4042 Austin Boulevard, Suite B, Island Park, New York 11558
As a public reporting company pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act, the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission quarterly and annual reports and management shareholding information. The Company intends to deliver a copy of its annual report to its security holders, and will voluntarily send a copy of the annual report, including audited financial statements, to any registered shareholder who requests the same.
The Companys documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission may be inspected at the Commission  s principal office in Washington, D.C. Copies of all or any part of the registration statement may be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference rooms. The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Commission.
Emerging Growth Company
The Company qualifies as an "emerging growth company" as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act which became law in April, 2012. The definition of an "emerging growth company" is a company with an initial public offering of common equity securities which occurred after December 8, 2011 and has less than $1 billion of total annual gross revenues during last completed fiscal year. The disclosure regarding the company and The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act is incorporated herein by reference from the Form 10-12G filed on January 19, 2018.
MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes to the financial statements included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors discussed elsewhere in this report.
Certain information included herein contains statements that may be considered forward-looking statements, such as statements relating to our anticipated revenues, gross margin and operating results, future performance and operations, plans for future expansion, capital spending, sources of liquidity, and financing sources. This forward-looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect anticipated results in the future, and accordingly, such results may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made herein.
References to the financial condition and performance of the Company below in this section "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" are to GDHI, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary. The Company was not an operating company and had only minimum expenses paid by management of the Company.
Discussion of September 30, 2018
For the nine months ended September 30, 2018, the Company had revenues of $831,955and a net profit of $30,143.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2018, the Company had gross sales of $831,955 with the cost of sale of $512,615. Operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 were $289,197.
Operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 were $289,197.
As of September 30, 2018, the Company had cash of $5,766 with accounts receivable of $15,645 and inventory of $254,054.
Revenues and Income
For the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company had revenues of $1,298,372 and a net profit of $22,393.
As of December 31, 2017, the Company had a net income of $22,393 compared to the net loss as of December 31, 2016 of $(3,534).
For the year 2017, the Company had revenues of $1,298,372 with a net income of $22,393 compared to revenues for 2016 of $927,906 with a net loss of $(3,534). In 2017 the Company had a 24.02% gross margin compared to 21.19% for 2016.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company has not incurred any significant debt during the development of its operations. At September 30, 2018, the Company has a current inventory of product with a cost of approximately $254,054
Equipment Financing
The Company has no existing equipment financing arrangements.
Alternative Financial Planning
The Company has no alternative financial plans at the moment.
Critical Accounting Policies
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires making estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
MANAGEMENT
The following tables set forth information regarding the Companys board of directors and its executive officers.
Officers and Directors
Paul Adler
sole officer and director of the Company and
sole officer and director of GDHI.
Mr. Adler has a decade of experience in food manufacturing and marketing industries having served as a board member in two food manufacturing companies. He developed a strong desire to bring healthy beverages and snacks to the market which began after he saw there were no healthy alternatives. Mr. Adler spent the first decade of his career in the securities industry as a broker/dealer company branch manager where he supervised sixteen registered representative and was involved in all aspects of investment banking including public offerings and private placements. In 2008, Mr. Adler retired from the securities industry and established Beverage Brands, a company offering a line of healthy RTD teas and MATE fusion tea.
Beverage Brands' product placement reached over 2500 supermarkets in the Northeast and South. In 2012, Mr. Adler established Fruttata Brand, a line of freeze dried healthy fruit snacks, under the corporate umbrella of Global Diversified Holding Inc., the subsidiary of the Company. Since 2012, Mr. Adler has worked with Global Diversified Holdings to continue its development as a manufacturer, marketer and supplier of unique products. Mr. Adler has extensive knowledge of day to day business operations ranging from Wall Street companies to running a private company and has been successful at establishing long-lasting business relationships throughout his career.
Director Compensation
Directors do not receive any compensation for serving on the Board of Directors.
The Company is authorized to have at least one director but no more than five. Eachof the Company's directors serves for a term of one year or until a successor is elected and qualified.
Committees of the Board
The Company currently does not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does the Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. The current Directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because they can adequately perform the functions of such committees.
The Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors. The Directors believes that, given the stage of the Companys development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. The Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and does not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment.
s development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. The Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and does not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment.
ADVISORS
In addition to the management team, the Company has developed an advisory team that supports the Company and provides guidance and credibility and contacts as needed. The advisors include:
Michael Cascione. Michael Cascione, Sr. is the founder and president of Group C, whose various companies provide Pantry, Micro Markets, Coffee and Vending services. Mr. Casciones original startup, CC Vending (CCV), began in 1989 was with a single beverage machine. CCV has subsequently grown into one of the largest vending companies on the East Coast, servicing over 15,000 machines, while managing the operations of several other companies throughout four states. Mr. Cascione, credits his early embrace and investment in technology as one of the keys to his and the companys success. CCV currently develops new technology for Micro-Markets and creates healthy products for the K-12 market, where it services the nations largest public school system, the New York City Department of Education. In addition, Group Cs Metropolitan Coffee House roasts and packages its own coffee for OCS accounts throughout the tri-state area.
Mr. Cascione continues to guide Group Cs expansion in both technology and geography; committing resources to research and development, as well as corporate acquisition. He is a lifelong advocate for innovation in the vending industry and continues to fulfill his goal of establishing its leading technology firm.
Anthony Cascione. Anthony Cascione is a lifetime member of the Vending industry and a partner in Group C. Having started as a Technicians Assistant, Mr. Cascione worked his way up through the ranks of Route Driver and Manager, culminating in his current position as Director of Operations, where he oversees Micro Markets, Metropolitan Coffee House, and CC Vending divisions. As a specialist in operations and logistics, Mr. Casciones deployment of cloud-based management and telemetry systems have helped CCV become one of the East Coasts largest independent operators, with over 15,000 machines in a four-state area. He has similarly expanded Group Cs Micro Market facilities, which now operate throughout the region. Of particular note, is the 10-year extension of the New York City Department of Education contract, which was credited to Mr. Casciones management of the account and his stewardship throughout the renewal process. At the present time, there are over 3,000 machines operating in 1,400 schools.
Mr. Cascione is committed to the continued growth of Group C and its various companies. His knowledge of the industry and passion for innovation, along with his leadership, has provided the structure and strategy to continue its expansion in both operations and geography. Anthony Cascione is the son of Michael Cascione.
Oleg Kaplun. In 2010, Mr. Kaplun started a food distribution company in New York to service specialty and ethnic markets. He has continued to grow his company by expanding the customer base and introducing products from all over the world. He has increased truck fleet by 6-fold and continues to seek new opportunities by branching out in other markets. Currently, the assortment of the products that his company offers is up to 2500 SKUs. Before founding his distribution company, Mr. Kaplun ran a national distribution company in Israel and was instrumental in building a multinational distribution network.
James Donegan. Beginning his career with Proctor & Gamble and PepsiCo, Mr. Donegan has a 30 plus-year track record of accomplishment as a sales and marketing executive in the food industry. As Vice President of Sales and Marketing at the Denver based VICORP Restaurants, Mr. Donegan pioneered a new division, building a $20M business in four years. Mr. Donegan has served as Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing at Phoenix-based Caf Valley Bakery, as National Sales Manager at Ragu Foods and New Jersey-based McCain Ellios Pizza Company. He also served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Cereform USA, a food ingredient company based in Denver.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Summary Compensation
To date, the Company has not paid compensation to any executive officer or director. The Companys subsidiary, GDHI, paid its president and director, Paul Adler, an annual compensation of $180,000 with possible annual increases. The Company anticipates that it will continue paying such compensation to Mr. Adler with annual increases as approved by the Board.
s subsidiary, GDHI, paid its president and director, Paul Adler, an annual compensation of $180,000 with possible annual increases. The Company anticipates that it will continue paying such compensation to Mr. Adler with annual increases as approved by the Board.
The Company may choose to pay an additional salary or stock to its executive management in the future.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth information as of the date of this prospectus regarding the beneficial ownership of the Companys common stock by each of its executive officers and directors, individually and as a group and by each person who beneficially owns in excess of five percent of the common stock after giving effect to any exercise of warrants or options held by that person.
s common stock by each of its executive officers and directors, individually and as a group and by each person who beneficially owns in excess of five percent of the common stock after giving effect to any exercise of warrants or options held by that person.
Percent of Name and Position Shares Owned Class(1) Paul Adler President, CFO, Director 12,500,000 93.4% All Officers and directors as a Group (1 person) 12,500,000 93.4%
Percent of
Name and Position Shares Owned Class(1)
Shares Owned
Class(1)
Paul Adler
President, CFO, Director 12,500,000 93.4%
12,500,000
93.4
%
All Officers and directors as a Group (1 person) 12,500,000 93.4%
12,500,000
93.4
%
(1)Based on 13,370,200 shares outstanding
(1)
Based on 13,370,200 shares outstanding
MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Admission to Quotation on the OTC QX or QB
If the Company meets the qualifications, it intends to apply for quotation of its securities on the OTC QX or QB. The OTC Bulletin Board differs from national and regional stock exchanges in that it (1) is not situated in a single location but operates through communication of bids, offers and confirmations between broker-dealers and (2) securities admitted to quotation are offered by one or more broker-dealers rather than the specialist common to stock exchanges. To qualify for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, an equity security must have one registered broker-dealer, known as the market maker, willing to list bid or sale quotations and to sponsor the company listing. In addition, the Company must make available adequate current public information as required by applicable rules and regulations.
In certain cases the Company may elect to have its securities initially quoted in the Pink Sheets published by Pink OTC Markets Inc. In general there is greater liquidity for traded securities on the OTC Bulletin Board, and less through quotation on the Pink Sheets. It is not possible to predict where, if at all, the securities of the Company will be traded following the effectiveness of this registration statement.
Dividends
The Company has not paid any dividends to date. The Company intends to employ all available funds for the growth and development of its business, and accordingly, does not intend to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future.
Preferred Stock
The Company has 20,000,000 authorized undesignated shares of preferred stock. No preferred stock has been designated nor issued.
Market Price
There is no public market for the Companys common stock.
DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION
FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES
The Companys Certificate of Incorporation include an indemnification provision that provides that the Company shall indemnify directors against monetary damages to the Company or any of its shareholders by reason of a breach of the directors fiduciary except (I) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct of (iii) for unlawful payment of dividend or unlawful stock purchase or redemption or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
The Bylaws of the Company provide that the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as amended from time to time, indemnify all directors of the Company, as well as any officers or employees of the Company to whom the Company has agreed to grant indemnification. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DCL") empowers a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers and to purchase insurance with respect to liability arising out of their capacity or status as directors and officers provided that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (I) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) arising under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The Delaware General Corporation Law provides further that the indemnification permitted thereunder shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the directors and officers may be entitled under the corporation's by-laws, any agreement, vote of shareholders or otherwise.
The effect of the foregoing is to require the Company to indemnify the officers and directors of the Company for any claim arising against such persons in their official capacities if such person acted in good faith and in a manner that he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.
The Certificate of Incorporation does not specifically indemnify the officers or directors or controlling persons against liability under the Securities Act.
The Securities and Exchange Commissions position on indemnification of officers, directors and control persons under the Securities Act by the Company is as follows:
INSOFAR AS INDEMNIFICATION FOR LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 MAY BE PERMITTED TO DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND CONTROLLING PERSONS OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURSUANT TO THE RULES OF THE COMMISSION, OR OTHERWISE, THE SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER HAS BEEN ADVISED THAT IN THE OPINION OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION SUCH INDEMNIFICATION IS AGAINST PUBLIC POLICY AS EXPRESSED IN THE ACT AND IS, THEREFORE, UNENFORCEABLE.
