Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

Closing of Asset Purchase Agreement
Asset Purchase Agreement

As previously announced, on October 8, 2018, Green Plains Inc. (GPRE), the parent of the Partnership, entered into an asset purchase agreement for the sale of three ethanol plants located in Bluffton, Indiana, Lakota, Iowa, and Riga, Michigan to Valero Renewable Fuels Company, LLC (Valero). Correspondingly, the Partnership entered into a separate asset purchase agreement with GPRE to sell the storage assets and assign the rail transportation assets to be disposed of in the sale to Valero for $120.9 million (the Transaction). On November 15, 2018, the Partnership closed on the sale and received as consideration 8.7 million Green Plains units and a portion of the general partner interest equating to 0.2 million hypothetical limited partner units to maintain the general partners 2% interest. The Partnership will receive as additional consideration approximately $2.6 million in cash related to the present value gain on railcars transferred, subject to certain post-closing adjustments.
announced, on October 8, 2018,
Green Plains Inc. (GPRE), the parent of
the Partnership,
entered into an asset purchase agreement for the sale of three ethanol plants located in Bluffton, Indiana, Lakota, Iowa, and Riga, Michigan to Valero Renewable Fuels Company, LLC (Valero). Correspondingly, the Partnership entered into a separate asset purchase agreement with GPRE to sell the stora
ge assets and assign the rail
transportation assets to be disposed of in the sale to Valero for $120.9 million (the Transaction). On November 15, 2018, the Partnership closed on the sale and received
as consideration 8.7 million Green Plains units and a portion of the general partner interest equating to 0.2 million hypothetical limited partner units to maintain the general partners 2% interest
The
Partnership will receive
as additional consideration
approximately $2.6 million in cash related to the present value gain on railcars transferred, subject to certain post-closing adjustments.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.
