Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On October 26, 2018, Hennessy Advisors, Inc. (the Company) completed the acquisition (the Acquisition) of certain assets of BP Capital Fund Advisors, LLC (BP Capital) related to the management of the BP Capital TwinLine Energy Fund and the BP Capital TwinLine MLP Fund (together, the BP Funds). The Acquisition was consummated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the previously announced Transaction Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2018, between the Company and BP Capital (the Transaction Agreement). As provided in the Transaction Agreement, at the closing of the Acquisition, the BP Funds were reorganized into two newly formed series of Hennessy Funds Trust named the Hennessy BP Energy Fund and Hennessy BP Midstream Fund (together, the Hennessy BP Funds), respectively. Additionally, BP Capital became the sub-advisor to the Hennessy BP Funds, with the same portfolio managers who managed the BP Funds portfolios prior to the Acquisition continuing to manage the Hennessy BP Funds portfolios following the Acquisition.
Acquisition
BP Capital
BP Funds
Transaction Agreement
Hennessy BP Funds
In connection with the closing of the Acquisition, the Company paid a total of $1.6 million in cash to BP Capital, an amount that was equal to (i) $100,000 plus (ii) 0.75% of the aggregate current net asset value of the BP Funds measured as of the close of business on the trading day immediately preceding the closing date of the Acquisition. In accordance with the Transaction Agreement, on October 28, 2019, the business day immediately following the one-year anniversary of the closing date, the Company will make a second payment to BP Capital. The amount of the second payment will be equal to 0.75% of the aggregate current net asset value of the Hennessy BP Funds, as the successor funds to the BP Funds, measured as of the close of business on October 25, 2019, the trading day immediately preceding the one-year anniversary of the closing date.
A description of the principal terms of the Transaction Agreement and the Acquisition is incorporated by reference herein from Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 11, 2018.
