Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On November 5, 2018, Hibbett Sports, Inc. (the "Company") completed its previously announced acquisition (the "Acquisition") of City Gear, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company ("City Gear"), pursuant to the Membership Interest and Warrant Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement"), dated as of October 29, 2018, by and among Hibbett Sporting Goods, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, City Gear, the members and warrant holders of City Gear named in the Purchase Agreement, (collectively, the "Sellers"), and Jeffrey B. Presley and Harbert Mezzanine Partners II SBIC, LLC (in their collective capacity as "Sellers' Representative") for a purchase price of $88.0 million in cash. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Acquisition is deemed effective as of November 4, 2018. The terms of the Acquisition, including certain adjustments to the purchase price to be made at and following the closing and the potential for up to $25.0 million in contingent earnout payments to be delivered to the Sellers, are set forth in the previously disclosed Purchase Agreement. As a result of the transaction, City Gear, a privately held city specialty retailer, became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
The Company funded the Acquisition with cash on hand and borrowings from its Credit Facilities as described in Item 2.03 below.
The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.
The Purchase Agreement has been included to provide investors and security holders with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide financial, business, operational or other factual information about the Company, City Gear, the Sellers or any of their respective subsidiaries and affiliates. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made only for purposes of that agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Purchase Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. The Company's stockholders and other investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Purchase Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any description thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company, City Gear, the Sellers or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures by the Company.
