Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 5, 2018, Hines Global Income Trust, Inc. (Hines Global or the "Company"), through a wholly-owned subsidiary of its operating partnership, acquired from Fresh Park Venlo B.V. (the "Seller") the leasehold interest in Fresh Park Venlo, a specialized logistics park located in Venlo, the Netherlands. The Seller is not affiliated with Hines Global or its affiliates.
Fresh Park Venlo is comprised of 23 buildings constructed between 1960 and 2018, and consists of approximately 2,863,630 leasable square feet that is, in the aggregate, 95% leased to more than 60 tenants.
The purchase price for Fresh Park Venlo was 117.5 million (approximately $136.3 million assuming a rate of $1.16 per EUR on the date of the transaction), exclusive of transaction costs and working capital reserves. Hines Global funded the acquisition using proceeds from its public offering, an advance under its credit facility with Hines Interests Limited Partnership (Hines), an affiliate of Hines Global, and a secured mortgage from a third-party, which is described further in Item 2.03 below.
The estimated going-in capitalization rate for Fresh Park Venlo is approximately 6.7%. The estimated going-in capitalization rate is determined by dividing the projected property revenues in excess of expenses for the first fiscal year by the net purchase price (excluding closing costs and taxes). Property revenues in excess of expenses includes all projected operating revenues (rental income, tenant reimbursements, parking and any other property-related income) less all projected operating expenses (property operating and maintenance expenses, property taxes, insurance and property management fees). The projected property revenues in excess of expenses includes assumptions which may not be indicative of the actual future performance of the property, including the assumption that the current tenants will perform under their lease agreements during the next 12 months and assumptions related to leasing vacant space.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
