Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 10, 2018, Hooper Holmes, Inc. (the Company) and each of its subsidiaries (collectively, Sellers) completed the disposition of substantially all of their assets (the Transaction) to Summit Health, Inc. (Buyer), a subsidiary of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated, pursuant to an Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of September 25, 2018 (the Purchase Agreement). The Purchase Agreement was approved on October 10, 2018 by order (the Sale Order) of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the Bankruptcy Court) in the Companys proceeding under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in Case No. 18-23302 (RDD) (the Bankruptcy Proceeding).
Upon closing of the Transaction, the Company received payment of the cash purchase price of $27.25 million from Buyer (the Sale Proceeds), an increase of $250,000 from the purchase price originally agreed upon under the Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of August 27, 2018 by and among Sellers and Buyer (the Original Agreement), the material terms of which were described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 27, 2018. The Purchase Agreement amended and restated the terms of the Original Agreement.
The Company and Buyer are parties to a Transition Services Agreement pursuant to which the Company will continue to provide certain transition services to Buyer through December 31, 2018, in exchange for Buyers payment of the Companys expenses in providing the services.
In addition to approving the Transaction, the Sale Order adopted a distribution waterfall of the Sale Proceeds, which will govern the Companys use of the Sale Proceeds. Because the Sale Proceeds are insufficient to repay all of the Sellers secured and unsecured debt obligations after making provision for the payment of administrative expenses in the Bankruptcy Proceeding, the approved distribution waterfall does not provide for, and the Company does not expect, the payment of any amount to the Companys stockholders. Although the Company will remain in existence with shares of common stock outstanding while its affairs are wound down through the remainder of the Bankruptcy Proceeding, the Company cautions its stockholders that trading in shares of the Companys common stock during the pendency of the Bankruptcy Proceeding is highly speculative and poses substantial risks. Trading prices for shares of the Companys common stock may bear little or no relationship to the actual recovery, of which none is expected, by stockholders in the Bankruptcy Proceeding. Accordingly, the Company urges extreme caution with respect to existing and future investments in its common stock.
The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the final, executed Purchase Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1. The Purchase Agreement has been attached as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K to provide investors with information regarding its terms. The Purchase Agreement is not intended to provide any factual information about Sellers or Buyer.
Information about the Bankruptcy Proceeding, including a copy of the Sale Order, is available online at https://dm.epiq11.com/#/case/PRH/info.
https://dm.epiq11.com/#/case/PRH/info
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
