Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 1, 2018, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company (HMH Sub), a wholly owned subsidiary of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company (the Company and together with HMH Sub, the Sellers), completed the previously announced sale of all of the assets, including intellectual property, used primarily in its Riverside clinical and standardized testing business (the Business) pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 12, 2018 and as amended on October 1, 2018 (the Agreement) with Riverside Assessments, LLC (the Purchaser), for cash consideration received by the Sellers of approximately $140.0 million and the Purchasers assumption of all liabilities relating to the Business subject to specified exceptions (collectively, the Transaction). The results of the Business were previously reported in the Companys Education segment.
The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this filing. The Agreement has been attached as an exhibit to this report to provide investors and security holders with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about HMH Sub, the Company or the Purchaser or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Agreement were made only for the purposes of such agreement and as of specified dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. The representations and warranties may have been made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of HMH Sub, the Company or the Purchaser or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. In addition, the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties contained in the Agreement are qualified by information in a confidential disclosure schedule that the parties have exchanged. Accordingly, investors should not rely on the representations and warranties as characterizations of the actual state of facts, since (i) they were made only as of the date of such agreement or a prior, specified date, (ii) in some cases they are subject to qualifications with respect to materiality, knowledge and/or other matters and (iii) they may be modified in important part by the underlying disclosure schedule. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in HMH Subs, the Companys or the Purchasers public disclosures.
The Company is also filing herewith certain pro forma financial information related to the sale of the Business, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
