Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The disclosure set forth under Introductory Note above is incorporated in this Item 2.01 by reference. The material provisions of the Contribution Agreement are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Proposal No. 1The Business Combination ProposalThe Contribution Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference.
The Business Combination was approved by KAACs stockholders at the Special Meeting. At the Special Meeting, 33,616,164 shares of Class A Common Stock and founder shares, voting as a single class, were voted in favor of the proposal to approve the Business Combination, 582,503 shares of Class A Common Stock and founder shares, voting as a single class, were voted against the proposal, and holders of 1,021 shares of Class A Common Stock and founder shares, in the aggregate, abstained from voting on the proposal. KAACs public stockholders had the opportunity, in connection with the Closing, to redeem shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the terms of KAACs amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter), and public stockholders holding an aggregate of 29,469,858 shares of Class A Common Stock elected to have such shares redeemed for an aggregate amount of approximately $298.8 million. In addition, in connection with the Closing, the Sponsor forfeited 7,313,028 founder shares and 3,182,140 Private Placement Warrants to the Company pursuant to that certain Sponsor Forfeiture Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2018 (the Sponsor Forfeiture Agreement), by and between the Company and the Sponsor (such forfeiture, the Sponsor forfeiture). In accordance with the Charter, the 2,120,000 founder shares that remained outstanding following the Sponsor forfeiture were converted into shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis.
Sponsor Forfeiture Agreement
Sponsor forfeiture
one-for-one
At the Closing, pursuant to the terms of the Contribution Agreement:
 Altus Midstream and KAAC issued to the Apache Contributor 250,000,000 common units representing limited partner interests in Altus Midstream (Common Units), and 250,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class C Common Stock), respectively, which, together, are exchangeable on a one-for-one basis for shares of Class A Common Stock;

Altus Midstream and KAAC issued to the Apache Contributor 250,000,000 common units representing limited partner interests in Altus Midstream (Common Units), and 250,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class C Common Stock), respectively, which, together, are exchangeable on a one-for-one basis for shares of Class A Common Stock;
Class
C Common Stock
one-for-one
 KAAC issued 7,313,028 shares of Class A Common Stock to the Apache Contributor, which amount of shares of Class A Common Stock corresponds to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock forfeited pursuant to the Sponsor forfeiture;

KAAC issued 7,313,028 shares of Class A Common Stock to the Apache Contributor, which amount of shares of Class A Common Stock corresponds to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock forfeited pursuant to the Sponsor forfeiture;
 KAAC issued 3,182,140 warrants exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock (the Contribution Warrants) to the Apache Contributor, which amount of Contribution Warrants corresponds to the number of Private Placement Warrants forfeited pursuant to the Sponsor forfeiture;

KAAC issued 3,182,140 warrants exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock (the Contribution Warrants) to the Apache Contributor, which amount of Contribution Warrants corresponds to the number of Private Placement Warrants forfeited pursuant to the Sponsor forfeiture;
 KAAC contributed $628.1 million in cash to Altus Midstream, which KAAC funded with (i) cash held in the trust account (the Trust Account) that held the proceeds (including interest but net of franchise and income taxes payable) from KAACs initial public offering (the IPO) and the concurrent sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and (ii) proceeds from the issuance and sale of 57,234,023 shares of Class A Common Stock to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors (including certain funds and client accounts advised by Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P., together with its affiliates (Kayne Anderson), and directors, management and employees of KAAC, Kayne Anderson and Apache) in a private placement (the Private Placement);

KAAC contributed $628.1 million in cash to Altus Midstream, which KAAC funded with (i) cash held in the trust account (the Trust Account) that held the proceeds (including interest but net of franchise and income taxes payable) from KAACs initial public offering (the IPO) and the concurrent sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and (ii) proceeds from the issuance and sale of 57,234,023 shares of Class A Common Stock to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors (including certain funds and client accounts advised by Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P., together with its affiliates (Kayne Anderson), and directors, management and employees of KAAC, Kayne Anderson and Apache) in a private placement (the Private Placement);
IPO
Kayne Anderson
Private Placement
7
 Altus Midstream paid to the Apache Contributor $84.0 million, which represents the capital expenditures incurred by or on behalf of the Alpine High Entities from and including October 1, 2018 through and including the Closing Date; and  the Apache Contributor will have the right to receive earn-out consideration of up to 37,500,000 shares of Class A Common Stock as follows: Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock to be Received Condition to be Satisfied 12,500,000 shares if, during the calendar year 2021, the aggregate gathered gas from an area of dedication in Reeves, Pecos, Culberson and Jeff Davis Counties in Texas that is assessed a low pressure gathering fee pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Gas Gathering Agreement, dated August 8, 2018, between Apache and Alpine High Gathering is equal to or greater than 574,380 million cubic feet 12,500,000 shares if the per share closing price of the Class A Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ during any 30-trading-day period ending prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date is equal to or greater than $14.00 for any 20 trading days within such 30-trading-day period 12,500,000 shares if the per share closing price of the Class A Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ during any 30-trading-day period ending prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date is equal to or greater than $16.00 for any 20 trading days within such 30-trading-day period As of the Closing Date and following the completion of the Business Combination, the Company had the following outstanding securities: (a) 74,929,305 shares of Class A Common Stock, (b) 250,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock, all of which were held by the Apache Contributor, and (c) warrants exercisable for 18,941,651 shares of Class A Common Stock. As of the Closing Date and following the completion of the Business Combination, the Apache Contributor owned (i) 7,313,028 shares of Class A Common Stock, (ii) 3,182,140 Contribution Warrants, and (iii) 250,000,000 Common Units and a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock. The Common Units are exchangeable on a one-for-one basis for shares of Class A Common Stock. Upon the exchange of Common Units for shares of Class A Common Stock, a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock will be cancelled. As of the Closing Date and following the completion of the Business Combination, the ownership interests of the Companys stockholders were as follows:  public stockholders owned 65,496,277 shares of Class A Common Stock, representing an approximate 87.4% economic interest and an approximate 20.2% voting interest;  the former holders of our founder shares, including the Sponsor and the Companys independent directors prior to the Closing, owned 2,120,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, representing an approximate 2.8% economic interest and an approximate 0.7% voting interest, and 3,182,141 warrants exercisable for 3,182,141 shares of Class A Common Stock which, if exercised, would represent an approximate 4.1% economic interest and an approximate 1.0% voting interest; and  the Apache Contributor owned (i) 250,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock, representing a 0% economic interest and an approximate 76.9% voting interest, (ii) 7,313,028 shares of Class A Common Stock, representing an approximate 9.8% economic interest and an approximate 2.3% voting interest and (iii) 3,182,140 warrants exercisable for 3,182,140 shares of Class A Common Stock which, if exercised, would represent an approximate 4.1% economic interest and an approximate 1.0% voting interest. Prior to the Closing, KAAC was a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) with no operations, formed as a vehicle to effect a business combination with one or more operating businesses. After the Closing, the Company became a holding company whose assets primarily consist of interests in its subsidiaries, Altus Midstream GP and Altus Midstream. The following information is provided about the business of the Company reflecting the consummation of the Business Combination. 8

Altus Midstream paid to the Apache Contributor $84.0 million, which represents the capital expenditures incurred by or on behalf of the Alpine High Entities from and including October 1, 2018 through and including the Closing Date; and
 the Apache Contributor will have the right to receive earn-out consideration of up to 37,500,000 shares of Class A Common Stock as follows:

the Apache Contributor will have the right to receive earn-out consideration of up to 37,500,000 shares of Class A Common Stock as follows:
Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock to be Received Condition to be Satisfied 12,500,000 shares if, during the calendar year 2021, the aggregate gathered gas from an area of dedication in Reeves, Pecos, Culberson and Jeff Davis Counties in Texas that is assessed a low pressure gathering fee pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Gas Gathering Agreement, dated August 8, 2018, between Apache and Alpine High Gathering is equal to or greater than 574,380 million cubic feet 12,500,000 shares if the per share closing price of the Class A Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ during any 30-trading-day period ending prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date is equal to or greater than $14.00 for any 20 trading days within such 30-trading-day period 12,500,000 shares if the per share closing price of the Class A Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ during any 30-trading-day period ending prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date is equal to or greater than $16.00 for any 20 trading days within such 30-trading-day period
Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock to be Received Condition to be Satisfied
Class A Common Stock to be
Received
Condition to be Satisfied
12,500,000 shares if, during the calendar year 2021, the aggregate gathered gas from an area of dedication in Reeves, Pecos, Culberson and Jeff Davis Counties in Texas that is assessed a low pressure gathering fee pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Gas Gathering Agreement, dated August 8, 2018, between Apache and Alpine High Gathering is equal to or greater than 574,380 million cubic feet
if, during the calendar year 2021, the aggregate gathered gas from an area of dedication in Reeves, Pecos, Culberson and Jeff Davis Counties in Texas that is assessed a low pressure gathering fee pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Gas Gathering Agreement, dated August 8, 2018, between Apache and Alpine High Gathering is equal to or greater than 574,380 million cubic feet
12,500,000 shares if the per share closing price of the Class A Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ during any 30-trading-day period ending prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date is equal to or greater than $14.00 for any 20 trading days within such 30-trading-day period
if the per share closing price of the Class A Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ during any 30-trading-day period ending prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date is equal to or greater than $14.00 for any 20 trading days within such 30-trading-day period
12,500,000 shares if the per share closing price of the Class A Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ during any 30-trading-day period ending prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date is equal to or greater than $16.00 for any 20 trading days within such 30-trading-day period
if the per share closing price of the Class A Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ during any 30-trading-day period ending prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date is equal to or greater than $16.00 for any 20 trading days within such 30-trading-day period
As of the Closing Date and following the completion of the Business Combination, the Company had the following outstanding securities: (a) 74,929,305 shares of Class A Common Stock, (b) 250,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock, all of which were held by the Apache Contributor, and (c) warrants exercisable for 18,941,651 shares of Class A Common Stock. As of the Closing Date and following the completion of the Business Combination, the Apache Contributor owned (i) 7,313,028 shares of Class A Common Stock, (ii) 3,182,140 Contribution Warrants, and (iii) 250,000,000 Common Units and a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock. The Common Units are exchangeable on a one-for-one basis for shares of Class A Common Stock. Upon the exchange of Common Units for shares of Class A Common Stock, a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock will be cancelled.
As of the Closing Date and following the completion of the Business Combination, the ownership interests of the Companys stockholders were as follows:
 public stockholders owned 65,496,277 shares of Class A Common Stock, representing an approximate 87.4% economic interest and an approximate 20.2% voting interest;

public stockholders owned 65,496,277 shares of Class A Common Stock, representing an approximate 87.4% economic interest and an approximate 20.2% voting interest;
 the former holders of our founder shares, including the Sponsor and the Companys independent directors prior to the Closing, owned 2,120,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, representing an approximate 2.8% economic interest and an approximate 0.7% voting interest, and 3,182,141 warrants exercisable for 3,182,141 shares of Class A Common Stock which, if exercised, would represent an approximate 4.1% economic interest and an approximate 1.0% voting interest; and

the former holders of our founder shares, including the Sponsor and the Companys independent directors prior to the Closing, owned 2,120,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, representing an approximate 2.8% economic interest and an approximate 0.7% voting interest, and 3,182,141 warrants exercisable for 3,182,141 shares of Class A Common Stock which, if exercised, would represent an approximate 4.1% economic interest and an approximate 1.0% voting interest; and
 the Apache Contributor owned (i) 250,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock, representing a 0% economic interest and an approximate 76.9% voting interest, (ii) 7,313,028 shares of Class A Common Stock, representing an approximate 9.8% economic interest and an approximate 2.3% voting interest and (iii) 3,182,140 warrants exercisable for 3,182,140 shares of Class A Common Stock which, if exercised, would represent an approximate 4.1% economic interest and an approximate 1.0% voting interest.

the Apache Contributor owned (i) 250,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock, representing a 0% economic interest and an approximate 76.9% voting interest, (ii) 7,313,028 shares of Class A Common Stock, representing an approximate 9.8% economic interest and an approximate 2.3% voting interest and (iii) 3,182,140 warrants exercisable for 3,182,140 shares of Class A Common Stock which, if exercised, would represent an approximate 4.1% economic interest and an approximate 1.0% voting interest.
Prior to the Closing, KAAC was a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) with no operations, formed as a vehicle to effect a business combination with one or more operating businesses. After the Closing, the Company became a holding company whose assets primarily consist of interests in its subsidiaries, Altus Midstream GP and Altus Midstream. The following information is provided about the business of the Company reflecting the consummation of the Business Combination.
Exchange Act
8
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements The Company makes forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K. These forward-looking statements relate to expectations for future financial performance, business strategies or expectations for our business. Specifically, forward-looking statements may include statements relating to:  the benefits of the Business Combination;  the future financial performance of the Company following the Business Combination;  the Companys success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors;  changes in the future operating results of Alpine High Midstream;  expansion plans and opportunities, including opportunities with respect to the Companys and/or its subsidiaries ability to exercise the Options; and  other statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words estimate, plan, project, forecast, intend, expect, anticipate, believe, seek, target, will, or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Companys views as of any subsequent date, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include:  the risk that the Business Combination disrupts our, Alpine High Midstreams or Apaches current plans and operations;  the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition and the ability of the combined business to grow and manage growth profitably;  costs related to the Business Combination;  changes in applicable laws or regulations;  the possibility that the Company, Alpine High Midstream or Apache may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and  other risks and uncertainties set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 39 of the Proxy Statement. Business and Properties The business and properties of Alpine High Midstream prior to the Business Combination are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Business of Alpine High Midstream beginning on page 178, which is incorporated herein by reference. The business of KAAC prior to the Business Combination is described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Business of KAAC beginning on page 155, which is incorporated herein by reference. 9
The Company makes forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K. These forward-looking statements relate to expectations for future financial performance, business strategies or expectations for our business. Specifically, forward-looking statements may include statements relating to:
 the benefits of the Business Combination;

the benefits of the Business Combination;
 the future financial performance of the Company following the Business Combination;

the future financial performance of the Company following the Business Combination;
 the Companys success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors;

the Companys success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors;
 changes in the future operating results of Alpine High Midstream;

changes in the future operating results of Alpine High Midstream;
 expansion plans and opportunities, including opportunities with respect to the Companys and/or its subsidiaries ability to exercise the Options; and

expansion plans and opportunities, including opportunities with respect to the Companys and/or its subsidiaries ability to exercise the Options; and
 other statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words estimate, plan, project, forecast, intend, expect, anticipate, believe, seek, target, will, or similar expressions.

other statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words estimate, plan, project, forecast, intend, expect, anticipate, believe, seek, target, will, or similar expressions.
These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Companys views as of any subsequent date, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include:
 the risk that the Business Combination disrupts our, Alpine High Midstreams or Apaches current plans and operations;

the risk that the Business Combination disrupts our, Alpine High Midstreams or Apaches current plans and operations;
 the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition and the ability of the combined business to grow and manage growth profitably;

the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition and the ability of the combined business to grow and manage growth profitably;
 costs related to the Business Combination;

costs related to the Business Combination;
 changes in applicable laws or regulations;

changes in applicable laws or regulations;
 the possibility that the Company, Alpine High Midstream or Apache may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and

the possibility that the Company, Alpine High Midstream or Apache may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and
 other risks and uncertainties set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 39 of the Proxy Statement.

other risks and uncertainties set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 39 of the Proxy Statement.
Business and Properties
The business and properties of Alpine High Midstream prior to the Business Combination are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Business of Alpine High Midstream beginning on page 178, which is incorporated herein by reference. The business of KAAC prior to the Business Combination is described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Business of KAAC beginning on page 155, which is incorporated herein by reference.
9
Risk Factors The risk factors related to the Companys business and operations are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 39, which is incorporated herein by reference. Selected Historical Financial Information of Alpine High Midstream Selected historical financial information of Alpine High Midstream as of September 30, 2018 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 is set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. Selected historical financial information of Alpine High Midstream as of December 31, 2017, for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the period from inception of Apaches Alpine High operations (May 26, 2016) through December 31, 2016 is set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of KAAC for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the nine months ended September 30, 2018 is set forth in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. Combined Financial Statements of Alpine High Midstream The unaudited combined financial statements of Alpine High Midstream as of September 30, 2018 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 are set forth in Exhibit 99.4 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference. The audited combined financial statements of Alpine High Midstream as of December 31, 2017, for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the period from inception of Apaches Alpine High operations (May 26, 2016) through December 31, 2016, are included in the Proxy Statement beginning on page Fin-28 and are incorporated herein by reference. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of Alpine High Midstream for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and for the year ended December 31, 2017 is set forth in Exhibit 99.3 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The following table sets forth information known to the Company regarding ownership of shares of voting securities of the Company, which consists of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock, as of November 9, 2018:  each person who is known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Companys voting securities;  each of the Companys current executive officers and directors; and  all current executive officers and directors of the Company, as a group. 10
The risk factors related to the Companys business and operations are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 39, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Selected Historical Financial Information of Alpine High Midstream
Selected historical financial information of Alpine High Midstream as of September 30, 2018 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 is set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
Selected historical financial information of Alpine High Midstream as of December 31, 2017, for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the period from inception of Apaches Alpine High operations (May 26, 2016) through December 31, 2016 is set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of KAAC for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the nine months ended September 30, 2018 is set forth in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
Combined Financial Statements of Alpine High Midstream
The unaudited combined financial statements of Alpine High Midstream as of September 30, 2018 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 are set forth in Exhibit 99.4 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.
The audited combined financial statements of Alpine High Midstream as of December 31, 2017, for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the period from inception of Apaches Alpine High operations (May 26, 2016) through December 31, 2016, are included in the Proxy Statement beginning on page Fin-28 and are incorporated herein by reference.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of Alpine High Midstream for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and for the year ended December 31, 2017 is set forth in Exhibit 99.3 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
The following table sets forth information known to the Company regarding ownership of shares of voting securities of the Company, which consists of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock, as of November 9, 2018:
 each person who is known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Companys voting securities;

each person who is known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Companys voting securities;
 each of the Companys current executive officers and directors; and

each of the Companys current executive officers and directors; and
 all current executive officers and directors of the Company, as a group.

all current executive officers and directors of the Company, as a group.
10
Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security or has the right to acquire such securities within 60 days, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. The beneficial ownership of voting securities of the Company is based on 324,929,305 shares of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock issued and outstanding in the aggregate as of November 9, 2018. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of voting securities beneficially owned by them. Name and Address of Beneficial Owners(1) Number ofShares of VotingSecurities Percent ofVoting CommonStock % 5% or Greater Stockholders Apache Midstream LLC(2) 260,495,168 79.4 % Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P.(3) 20,081,285 6.1 % Directors and Executive Officers W. Mark Meyer   Brian W. Freed(4) 144,010 * Ben C. Rodgers   Robert W. Bourne 25,000 * Staci L. Burns   Kevin S. McCarthy(5)   Robert S. Purgason(5)   Jon W. Sauer   Mark Borer(5) 40,000 * D. Mark Leland(5) 40,000 * C. Doug Johnson   All directors and executive officers, as a group (14 individuals) 249,010 * * Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is One Post Oak Central, 2000 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 100, Houston, Texas 77056. (2) Apache Midstream LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Apache Corporation is the sole member of Apache Midstream LLC and has voting and investment discretion with respect to the voting common stock held of record by Apache Midstream LLC. The business address of each of these entities is 2000 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 100, Houston, Texas 77056. Includes 3,182,140 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Contribution Warrants that will become exercisable 30 days after the Closing. (3) Includes shares of voting common stock held of record by Kayne Anderson Sponsor, LLC, over which Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. has voting and investment discretion. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. is the investment manager, general partner, or managing member of certain shareholders, including shareholders in which certain of our officers and directors and employees of Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. hold an interest. Ric Kayne may be deemed a beneficial owner with voting and investment power over the shares of Class A Common Stock held by such shareholders. Mr. Kayne disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares reported, except those attributable to him by virtue of his pecuniary interest therein. Includes 3,182,141 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Private Placement Warrants held of record by Kayne Anderson Sponsor, LLC that will become exercisable 30 days after the Closing. (4) Includes 100,000 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by Mr. Freed. (5) Holds an interest in Kayne Anderson Sponsor, LLC and/or Kayne SPAC Investment, LLC, an entity in which certain directors, management and employees of KAAC and Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. and its affiliates hold an interest, and disclaims any beneficial ownership of shares held by such entities other than to the extent of any direct or indirect pecuniary interest therein. 11
The beneficial ownership of voting securities of the Company is based on 324,929,305 shares of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock issued and outstanding in the aggregate as of November 9, 2018.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of voting securities beneficially owned by them.
Name and Address of Beneficial Owners(1) Number ofShares of VotingSecurities Percent ofVoting CommonStock % 5% or Greater Stockholders Apache Midstream LLC(2) 260,495,168 79.4 % Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P.(3) 20,081,285 6.1 % Directors and Executive Officers W. Mark Meyer   Brian W. Freed(4) 144,010 * Ben C. Rodgers   Robert W. Bourne 25,000 * Staci L. Burns   Kevin S. McCarthy(5)   Robert S. Purgason(5)   Jon W. Sauer   Mark Borer(5) 40,000 * D. Mark Leland(5) 40,000 * C. Doug Johnson   All directors and executive officers, as a group (14 individuals) 249,010 *
Name and Address of Beneficial Owners(1) Number ofShares of VotingSecurities Percent ofVoting CommonStock %
Number ofShares of VotingSecurities
Shares of Voting
Securities
Percent ofVoting CommonStock %
Voting CommonStock %
5% or Greater Stockholders
5% or Greater Stockholders
Apache Midstream LLC(2) 260,495,168 79.4 %
260,495,168
79.4
%
Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P.(3) 20,081,285 6.1 %
20,081,285
6.1
%
Directors and Executive Officers
Directors and Executive Officers
W. Mark Meyer  


Brian W. Freed(4) 144,010 *
144,010
*
Ben C. Rodgers  


Robert W. Bourne 25,000 *
25,000
*
Staci L. Burns  


Kevin S. McCarthy(5)  


Robert S. Purgason(5)  


Jon W. Sauer  


Mark Borer(5) 40,000 *
40,000
*
D. Mark Leland(5) 40,000 *
40,000
*
C. Doug Johnson  


All directors and executive officers, as a group (14 individuals) 249,010 *
249,010
*
* Less than one percent.
Less than one percent.
(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is One Post Oak Central, 2000 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 100, Houston, Texas 77056.
Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is One Post Oak Central, 2000 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 100, Houston, Texas 77056.
(2) Apache Midstream LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Apache Corporation is the sole member of Apache Midstream LLC and has voting and investment discretion with respect to the voting common stock held of record by Apache Midstream LLC. The business address of each of these entities is 2000 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 100, Houston, Texas 77056. Includes 3,182,140 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Contribution Warrants that will become exercisable 30 days after the Closing.
Apache Midstream LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Apache Corporation is the sole member of Apache Midstream LLC and has voting and investment discretion with respect to the voting common stock held of record by Apache Midstream LLC. The business address of each of these entities is 2000 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 100, Houston, Texas 77056. Includes 3,182,140 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Contribution Warrants that will become exercisable 30 days after the Closing.
(3) Includes shares of voting common stock held of record by Kayne Anderson Sponsor, LLC, over which Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. has voting and investment discretion. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. is the investment manager, general partner, or managing member of certain shareholders, including shareholders in which certain of our officers and directors and employees of Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. hold an interest. Ric Kayne may be deemed a beneficial owner with voting and investment power over the shares of Class A Common Stock held by such shareholders. Mr. Kayne disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares reported, except those attributable to him by virtue of his pecuniary interest therein. Includes 3,182,141 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Private Placement Warrants held of record by Kayne Anderson Sponsor, LLC that will become exercisable 30 days after the Closing.
Includes shares of voting common stock held of record by Kayne Anderson Sponsor, LLC, over which Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. has voting and investment discretion. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. is the investment manager, general partner, or managing member of certain shareholders, including shareholders in which certain of our officers and directors and employees of Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. hold an interest. Ric Kayne may be deemed a beneficial owner with voting and investment power over the shares of Class A Common Stock held by such shareholders. Mr. Kayne disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares reported, except those attributable to him by virtue of his pecuniary interest therein. Includes 3,182,141 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Private Placement Warrants held of record by Kayne Anderson Sponsor, LLC that will become exercisable 30 days after the Closing.
(4) Includes 100,000 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by Mr. Freed.
Includes 100,000 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by Mr. Freed.
(5) Holds an interest in Kayne Anderson Sponsor, LLC and/or Kayne SPAC Investment, LLC, an entity in which certain directors, management and employees of KAAC and Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. and its affiliates hold an interest, and disclaims any beneficial ownership of shares held by such entities other than to the extent of any direct or indirect pecuniary interest therein.
Holds an interest in Kayne Anderson Sponsor, LLC and/or Kayne SPAC Investment, LLC, an entity in which certain directors, management and employees of KAAC and Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. and its affiliates hold an interest, and disclaims any beneficial ownership of shares held by such entities other than to the extent of any direct or indirect pecuniary interest therein.
11
Directors On the Closing Date, in connection with the Business Combination, the size of the Board was increased from five members to 11 members and Messrs. R. Rudolph Reinfrank and Robert V. Sinnott resigned from the Board. The resignations of Messrs. Reinfrank and Sinnott were not a result of any disagreement with the Company. Effective as of the Closing Date, the Board appointed Messrs. W. Mark Meyer, Brian W. Freed, Ben C. Rodgers, Robert W. Bourne, Jon W. Sauer, Robert S. Purgason, C. Doug Johnson, and Ms. Staci L. Burns to fill the newly created vacancies, with a term expiring at the Companys annual meeting of stockholders in 2019. As of the Closing Date, the Board consisted of Messrs. W. Mark Meyer, Brian W. Freed, Ben C. Rodgers, Robert W. Bourne, Jon W. Sauer, Kevin S. McCarthy, Robert S. Purgason, Mark Borer, D. Mark Leland, and C. Doug Johnson, and Ms. Staci L. Burns. Information with respect to each of the Companys directors (other than Mr. Johnson) is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Officers and Directors of KAAC Following Closing of the Business Combination beginning on page 195, which is incorporated herein by reference, and information with respect to Mr. Johnson is provided below. Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, based on the Apache Contributors and its affiliates ownership of our outstanding voting common stock, the Apache Contributor may nominate six non-independent directors, and it nominated W. Mark Meyer, Brian W. Freed, Ben C. Rodgers, Robert W. Bourne, Jon W. Sauer and Ms. Staci L. Burns. In addition, based on the Stockholders Agreement, the Apache Contributor may nominate one independent director, and it selected C. Doug Johnson. Also, pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement and certain conditions, the Sponsor may nominate two independent directors to the board of directors, and it selected D. Mark Leland and Mark Borer. Mr. C. Doug Johnson has served as a director of Gulfport Energy Corporation since September 2015. Since August 1981, Mr. Johnson served in various roles at Phillips 66 and its predecessors Phillips Petroleum Co. and ConocoPhillips Company, which was formed by the merger of Philips Petroleum Co. and Conoco Inc. in 2002. Mr. Johnson most recently served as Vice President, Controller and principal accounting officer of Phillips 66, a publicly traded company engaged in mid-stream, chemicals, and refining, from April 2012 until his retirement on December 31, 2014. During the same period, he also served as Vice President, Controller and principal accounting officer of Phillips 66 Partners GP LLC, the general partner of Phillips 66 Partners LP, a publicly traded pipeline subsidiary of Phillips 66. From June 2010 until April 2012, Mr. Johnson served as General Manager, Upstream Finance, Strategy and Planning at ConocoPhillips. Prior to that, Mr. Johnsons tenure at ConocoPhillips included his service as General Manager, Downstream Finance from 2008 to 2010 and General Manager, Upstream Finance from 2005 to 2008. Mr. Johnson also served on the board of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC, a joint venture of Phillips 66 Partners LP and Chevron Corp., and its audit committee, where he was co-chairman, from April 2012 until December 2014. Mr. Johnson has an extensive financial and accounting background, with over 33 years of service in the oil and natural gas industry. Mr. Johnson received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting from the University of Arkansas, and also holds a Certified Public Accountant certificate from the State of Oklahoma. Independence of Directors Following the Closing, affiliates of Apache will control a majority of the combined voting power of all classes of our voting stock. As a result, we qualify as a controlled company within the meaning of the NASDAQ listing standards and may elect not to comply with certain NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that a majority of the Board consist of independent directors and that the compensation committee and corporate governance and nominating committee be composed entirely of independent directors. We have elected to utilize these exemptions, and therefore do not have a majority of independent directors serving on our Board and have individuals serving on our Compensation Committee (as defined below) that may not qualify as independent according to NASDAQ listing standards and the rules and regulations of the SEC. These independence requirements will not apply to us as long as we remain a controlled company. The Board has determined that Messrs. Mark Borer, D. Mark Leland, and C. Doug Johnson are independent within the meaning of NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). 12
On the Closing Date, in connection with the Business Combination, the size of the Board was increased from five members to 11 members and Messrs. R. Rudolph Reinfrank and Robert V. Sinnott resigned from the Board. The resignations of Messrs. Reinfrank and Sinnott were not a result of any disagreement with the Company. Effective as of the Closing Date, the Board appointed Messrs. W. Mark Meyer, Brian W. Freed, Ben C. Rodgers, Robert W. Bourne, Jon W. Sauer, Robert S. Purgason, C. Doug Johnson, and Ms. Staci L. Burns to fill the newly created vacancies, with a term expiring at the Companys annual meeting of stockholders in 2019.
As of the Closing Date, the Board consisted of Messrs. W. Mark Meyer, Brian W. Freed, Ben C. Rodgers, Robert W. Bourne, Jon W. Sauer, Kevin S. McCarthy, Robert S. Purgason, Mark Borer, D. Mark Leland, and C. Doug Johnson, and Ms. Staci L. Burns. Information with respect to each of the Companys directors (other than Mr. Johnson) is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Officers and Directors of KAAC Following Closing of the Business Combination beginning on page 195, which is incorporated herein by reference, and information with respect to Mr. Johnson is provided below.
Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, based on the Apache Contributors and its affiliates ownership of our outstanding voting common stock, the Apache Contributor may nominate six non-independent directors, and it nominated W. Mark Meyer, Brian W. Freed, Ben C. Rodgers, Robert W. Bourne, Jon W. Sauer and Ms. Staci L. Burns. In addition, based on the Stockholders Agreement, the Apache Contributor may nominate one independent director, and it selected C. Doug Johnson. Also, pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement and certain conditions, the Sponsor may nominate two independent directors to the board of directors, and it selected D. Mark Leland and Mark Borer.
Mr. C. Doug Johnson has served as a director of Gulfport Energy Corporation since September 2015. Since August 1981, Mr. Johnson served in various roles at Phillips 66 and its predecessors Phillips Petroleum Co. and ConocoPhillips Company, which was formed by the merger of Philips Petroleum Co. and Conoco Inc. in 2002. Mr. Johnson most recently served as Vice President, Controller and principal accounting officer of Phillips 66, a publicly traded company engaged in mid-stream, chemicals, and refining, from April 2012 until his retirement on December 31, 2014. During the same period, he also served as Vice President, Controller and principal accounting officer of Phillips 66 Partners GP LLC, the general partner of Phillips 66 Partners LP, a publicly traded pipeline subsidiary of Phillips 66. From June 2010 until April 2012, Mr. Johnson served as General Manager, Upstream Finance, Strategy and Planning at ConocoPhillips. Prior to that, Mr. Johnsons tenure at ConocoPhillips included his service as General Manager, Downstream Finance from 2008 to 2010 and General Manager, Upstream Finance from 2005 to 2008. Mr. Johnson also served on the board of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC, a joint venture of Phillips 66 Partners LP and Chevron Corp., and its audit committee, where he was co-chairman, from April 2012 until December 2014. Mr. Johnson has an extensive financial and accounting background, with over 33 years of service in the oil and natural gas industry. Mr. Johnson received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting from the University of Arkansas, and also holds a Certified Public Accountant certificate from the State of Oklahoma.
co-chairman,
Independence of Directors
Following the Closing, affiliates of Apache will control a majority of the combined voting power of all classes of our voting stock. As a result, we qualify as a controlled company within the meaning of the NASDAQ listing standards and may elect not to comply with certain NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that a majority of the Board consist of independent directors and that the compensation committee and corporate governance and nominating committee be composed entirely of independent directors. We have elected to utilize these exemptions, and therefore do not have a majority of independent directors serving on our Board and have individuals serving on our Compensation Committee (as defined below) that may not qualify as independent according to NASDAQ listing standards and the rules and regulations of the SEC. These independence requirements will not apply to us as long as we remain a controlled company.
The Board has determined that Messrs. Mark Borer, D. Mark Leland, and C. Doug Johnson are independent within the meaning of NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2).
12
