Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously announced, Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Keryx), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger on June 28, 2018, as amended on October 1, 2018 (the Merger Agreement) with Akebia Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Akebia), and Alpha Therapeutics Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Akebia (Merger Sub). Keryxs stockholders adopted the Merger Agreement at a special meeting of stockholders held on December 11, 2018 (the Special Meeting). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on December 12, 2018, following the filing of a Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of the State of Delaware, Merger Sub merged with and into Keryx, and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub thereupon ceased with Keryx continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Akebia (the Merger).
Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon completion of the Merger, each share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Keryx (a Keryx Share) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than shares held by Akebia, Merger Sub, any subsidiary of Akebia or Keryx, or held by Keryx as treasury shares) was converted into the right to receive 0.37433 fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock of Akebia, $0.00001 par value per share (an Akebia Share). No fractional Akebia Shares were issued in the Merger, and Keryxs stockholders will receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares.
Further, at the effective time of the Merger, outstanding awards of Keryx restricted shares issued under a Keryx equity plan (Keryx Restricted Shares), other than those Keryx Restricted Shares that accelerated or lapsed as a result of the Merger, were cancelled and converted into restricted stock unit awards of Akebia, the number of shares underlying which was adjusted in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. Each of those Keryx Restricted Shares whose restrictions (including vesting) accelerated or lapsed as a result of the Merger were cancelled and converted into the right to receive 0.37433 Akebia Shares. In addition, each outstanding and unexercised option award to acquire Keryx Shares granted under a Keryx equity plan was cancelled and converted into an option award to acquire Akebia Shares, with the number of shares and exercise price adjusted for the exchange ratio in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. Each converted option and restricted stock unit award shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as had applied to the corresponding Keryx option or Keryx Restricted Share award as of immediately prior to the effective time, except for such terms rendered inoperative by reason of the Merger.
The issuance of Akebia Shares in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Akebias registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-227622) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on October 1, 2018, as amended on October 25, 2018 and October 29, 2018 and declared effective on October 30, 2018. The registration statement contains additional information about the Merger, including information concerning the interests of directors, executive officers and affiliates of Keryx and Akebia in the Merger.
No. 333-227622)
