ITEM 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 18, 2018, Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (the Company) completed the previously announced sale of Mendota Insurance Company (Mendota), Mendakota Casualty Company, MIC Insurance Agency, Inc., Mendakota Insurance Company, Congress General Agency, Inc., Mendota Insurance Agency, Inc., Advantage Auto, Inc. and Insurance Management Services, Inc. (the Acquired Companies) to Premier Holdings, LLC (Premier) and Advantage Auto MGA, LLC (Advantage and together with Premier, Purchasers), pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) entered into on July 16, 2018.
The aggregate purchase price of $28.6 million paid to the Company was redeployed primarily to acquire equity investments, limited liability investments, limited liability investment, at fair value and other investments, which were owned by the Acquired Companies at the time of the closing, and to fund $5 million into an escrow account to be used to satisfy potential indemnity obligations under the Agreement.
The Agreement was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on 8-K filed by the Company on July 20, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing summary is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Agreement. The Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of Purchasers, Kingsway America Inc. (Seller), the Company and Mendota, including, among others, with respect to corporate organization, capitalization, corporate authority, financial statements, reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses and compliance with applicable laws. The representations and warranties of each party set forth in the Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the Agreement, and investors are not third-party beneficiaries of the Agreement. In addition, such representations and warranties (a) are subject to materiality and other qualifications contained in the Agreement, which may differ from what may be viewed as material by investors; (b) were made only as of the date of the Agreement or such other date as is specified in the Agreement; and (c) may have been included in the Agreement for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather than establishing matters as facts.
ITEM 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.
