Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 31, 2018, LendingTree, LLC (Buyer) acquired QuoteWizard.com, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (QuoteWizard), pursuant to a Unit Purchase Agreement dated October 4, 2018 among Buyer, all of the members of QuoteWizard (collectively, the Sellers), and Scott Peyree as the Securityholder Representative (the Unit Purchase Agreement). QuoteWizard.com is one of the largest insurance comparison marketplaces in the nations growing online insurance advertising market.
Buyer paid $300 million of cash consideration to the Sellers, which amount was and remains subject to adjustments for working capital, in exchange for all of the membership interests of QuoteWizard. Buyer paid $125 million of the purchase price using funds borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility and the balance using cash on hand. A portion of the closing consideration was deposited into escrow to secure the Sellers obligations under the Unit Purchase Agreement to make certain indemnification and purchase price adjustment payments.
In addition, pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement, Sellers are eligible to receive three earnout payments based on QuoteWizard achieving certain adjusted EBITDA-based targets during three consecutive twelve-month periods, the first of which begins on the first day of the first full month following the closing of the transaction. The Sellers are eligible to receive up to $70.2 million in aggregate earnout payments. The earnout payments are payable in cash. Buyer has also committed to pay up to $4.8 million as cash bonuses to employees based on achievement of the adjusted EBITDA-based targets during the three earnout periods.
The description of the Unit Purchase Agreement contained herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Unit Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2.1 to this report. The Unit Purchase Agreement contains representations and warranties by Buyer and QuoteWizard with respect to matters as of specified dates. The representations and warranties: reflect negotiations between the parties to the Unit Purchase Agreement and are not intended as statements of fact to be relied upon by the Companys stockholders; in certain cases, merely represent risk-allocation decisions among the parties; have been modified or qualified by certain disclosure schedules that have been omitted in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission; may no longer be true as of a given date; and may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material by stockholders. As such, the representations and warranties are solely for the benefit of the parties to the Unit Purchase Agreement and may be limited or modified by a variety of factors, including: subsequent events, information included in public filings, disclosures made during negotiations, correspondence between the parties and disclosure schedules to the Unit Purchase Agreement. Accordingly, the representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs at the date they were made or at any other time and the Companys stockholders should not rely on them as statements of fact. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Unit Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys public disclosures.
The Company issued a press release on October 31, 2018 announcing the acquisition of QuoteWizard and the increase in borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Item 2.03. Creation of Direct Financial Obligation Under Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement.
