Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On December 20, 2018 (the Closing Date) the two-step mergers occurred following the closing (the Closing) of the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) by and among Level Brands, Inc., its newly organized wholly-owned subsidiaries AcqCo, LLC and cbdMD LLC, and Cure Based Development, LLC (Cure Based Development). On the Closing Date, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, AcqCo LLC was merged with and into Cure Based Development with the Cure Based Development as the surviving entity, and immediately thereafter Cure Based Development was merged with and into cbdMD LLC with cbdMD LLC as the surviving entity. cbdMD LLC will continue as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Level Brands and will continue the operations of Cure Based Development pre-closing. The Articles of Merger as filed with the Secretaries of State of Nevada and North Carolina are filed as Exhibits 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 2.5 to this report.
Merger Agreement
Cure Based Development
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, AcqCo LLC was merged with and into Cure Based Development with the Cure Based Development as the surviving entity, and immediately thereafter Cure Based Development was merged with and into cbdMD LLC with cbdMD LLC as the surviving entity. cbdMD LLC will continue as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Level Brands and will continue the operations of Cure Based Development pre-closing. The Articles of Merger as filed with the Secretaries of State of Nevada and North Carolina are filed as
Exhibits 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 2.5
to this report.
The Closing followed the approval on December 20, 2018 by the President of the United States of the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018, commonly known as the Farm Bill, which contained a permanent declassification of cannabidiol (CBD) as a controlled substance under Federal law.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date the members of Cure Based Development listed on Exhibit B to the Merger Agreement included in our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on December 4, 2018 received contractual rights to receive 15,250,000 shares of our common stock, representing approximately 60% of our outstanding common stock following such issuance, as the merger consideration, issuable as follows:
 as promptly as practicable following receipt of approval by our shareholders for the possible issuance of in excess of 19.99% of our presently outstanding common stock in accordance with the rules of the NYSE American (the Shareholder Approval) the members of Cure Based Development will be issued an aggregate of 6,500,000 shares of our common stock (the First Tranche Shares); and    as promptly as practicable after receipt of Shareholder Approval, we will issue an additional 8,750,000 shares of our common stock (the Second Tranche Shares) to CBD Holding, LLC, a member of Cure Based Development which is controlled by Mr. Scott Coffman, CEO and one of the managers of Cure Based Development (CBDH), vesting follows: (i) 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 12 month anniversary of the Closing Date; (ii) an additional 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 24 month anniversary of the Closing Date; (iii) an additional 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 42 month anniversary of the Closing Date; and (iv) the remaining 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 60 month anniversary of the Closing Date.
as promptly as practicable following receipt of approval by our shareholders for the possible issuance of in excess of 19.99% of our presently outstanding common stock in accordance with the rules of the NYSE American (the Shareholder Approval) the members of Cure Based Development will be issued an aggregate of 6,500,000 shares of our common stock (the First Tranche Shares); and
 as promptly as practicable after receipt of Shareholder Approval, we will issue an additional 8,750,000 shares of our common stock (the Second Tranche Shares) to CBD Holding, LLC, a member of Cure Based Development which is controlled by Mr. Scott Coffman, CEO and one of the managers of Cure Based Development (CBDH), vesting follows: (i) 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 12 month anniversary of the Closing Date; (ii) an additional 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 24 month anniversary of the Closing Date; (iii) an additional 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 42 month anniversary of the Closing Date; and (iv) the remaining 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 60 month anniversary of the Closing Date.
as promptly as practicable after receipt of Shareholder Approval, we will issue an additional 8,750,000 shares of our common stock (the Second Tranche Shares) to CBD Holding, LLC, a member of Cure Based Development which is controlled by Mr. Scott Coffman, CEO and one of the managers of Cure Based Development (CBDH), vesting follows: (i) 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 12 month anniversary of the Closing Date; (ii) an additional 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 24 month anniversary of the Closing Date; (iii) an additional 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 42 month anniversary of the Closing Date; and (iv) the remaining 2,187,500 shares will vest on the 60 month anniversary of the Closing Date.
For accounting purposes, the Closing of the transaction will be treated as a reverse merger under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The issuance of the First Tranche Share and the Second Tranche Shares will constitute a change of control under the rules and regulations of the NYSE American and at the time of the initial issuance of these shares we will be obligated to meet the initial listing standards of the NYSE American in order to maintain the continued listing of our common stock on the exchange. We expect to include the Shareholder Approval proposal covering both the First Tranche Shares and the Second Tranche Shares, as well as the Earnout Shares, in the proxy statement to be filed with the SEC for our 2019 annual shareholders meeting. If this proposal is approved at this meeting, to be scheduled for spring 2019, we will issue the First Tranche Shares and the Second Tranche Shares immediately following the receipt of Shareholder Approval. If this proposal is not approved at our 2019 annual meeting of shareholders, we are required to seek shareholder approval of the proposal at additional special meetings of our shareholders, to be held at least every six months, until such time as Shareholder Approval is obtained. Until Shareholder Approval is obtained, we are not obligated to issue any of these securities under the terms of the Merger Agreement.
2
2
When issued, the First Tranche Shares and Second Tranche Shares will be subject to leak out agreements pursuant to which the holder will be required to (1) limit the offer for sale, sell, pledge, or otherwise transfer or dispose of (or enter into any transaction or device that is designed to, or could be expected to, result in the transfer or disposition by any person at any time in the future of) any shares of our common stock; and (2) refrain from entering into any swap or other derivatives transaction that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic benefits or risks of ownership of any shares of our common stock, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of our common stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise to the lesser of (i) the volume limitations set forth in Rule 144(e) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or (ii) 20% of such shares in any 90 day period. The description of the terms of the leakout agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of agreement which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this report.
form of agreement which is filed as
Exhibit 10.1
to this report.
In addition, when issued the Second Tranche Shares will be subject to an irrevocable voting proxy agreement until such time as the shares vest in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. The independent chairman of the Audit Committee of our board of directors will serve as proxyholder and will vote those shares in accordance with the recommendations of our board of directors. The initial proxyholder is Mr. Seymour Siegel, the current Chairman of the Audit Committee of our board of directors. The description of the terms of the voting proxy agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of agreement which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this report.
Exhibit 10.2
to this report.
As described in the Merger Agreement as previously filed with the SEC, the Merger Agreement also provides that CBDH will be entitled to receive up to an additional 15,250,000 shares of our common stock (the Earnout Shares) as part of the merger consideration, upon the satisfaction of certain aggregate net revenue criteria by cbdMD LLC within 60 months following the Closing. The issuance of the Earnout Shares is also subject to prior Shareholder Approval.
Earnout Shares
) as part of the merger consideration, upon the satisfaction of certain aggregate net revenue criteria by cbdMD LLC within 60 months following the Closing. The issuance of the Earnout Shares is also subject to prior Shareholder Approval.
Immediately prior to the Closing, the holders of two promissory notes in the aggregate amount of $1,000,000 due by Cure Based Development converted those notes into the contractual right to receive an aggregate of 500,000 shares of our common stock, which such shares are included in the aforedescribed First Tranche Shares. Upon such election by the noteholders, those notes were deemed satisfied in full.
As described in our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on December 4, 2018, following the execution of the Merger Agreement, and pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Secured Promissory Note and Security Agreement, we lent Cure Based Development $2,000,000. At Closing, this amount remained outstanding and will be treated as part of the purchase price accounting for the transaction.
Prior to the Closing Date, Cure Based Development owed Edge of Business, LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Coffman (Edge), an aggregate of $1,430,300 for working capital advances. Immediately following the Closing Date, we repaid Edge $1,000,000 of this amount and the balance was converted into an 18 month 6% promissory note. The note is interest only for the first 12 months and thereafter payable in six equal and consecutive monthly installments of principal and interest. The foregoing description of the terms and conditions of this unsecured promissory note is qualified in its entirety by reference to the note which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this report.
), an aggregate of $1,430,300 for working capital advances. Immediately following the Closing Date, we repaid Edge $1,000,000 of this amount and the balance was converted into an
Exhibit 10.3
Following the Closing of the merger, CBDH issued Mr. Martin A. Sumichrast, our Chairman of the Board and CEO, a warrant expiring on December 31, 2019, exercisable at $90.00, to purchase a 9% membership interest in CBDH. As a result of this warrant, and assuming CBDH distributes the securities to its members, Mr. Sumichrast will be entitled to receive 787,500 Second Tranche Shares and up to 1,372,500 Earnout Shares. The shares, which are issuable to Mr. Sumichrast if distributed by CBDH to its members, will also be subject to the leakout and voting proxy agreements described earlier in this section.
3
Item 5.01 Change in Control of Registrant.
