Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 31, 2018, Praxair, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Praxair), and Linde Aktiengesellschaft, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Germany (Linde AG), combined under Linde plc, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland (the Company), as contemplated by the business combination agreement, dated June 1, 2017, as amended on August 10, 2017 (the Business Combination Agreement), by and among the Company, Praxair, Linde AG, Zamalight Holdco LLC and Zamalight Subco, Inc. (the Business Combination). Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, (i) Praxair became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company through the merger of Zamalight Subco, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary of the Company with and into Praxair (the Merger), and (ii) Linde AG became an indirect subsidiary of the Company through an exchange offer by the Company for each issued and outstanding bearer share of Linde AG (the Exchange Offer).
In the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of common stock of Praxair, par value $0.01 per share (the Praxair Shares), was converted into the right to receive one ordinary share, nominal value 0.001 per share, of Linde plc (the Linde plc Shares). Each issued and outstanding ordinary bearer share, without par value, of Linde AG (the Linde AG Shares) that was validly tendered in the Exchange Offer was exchanged for 1.540 Linde plc Shares. Under the terms of an agreement with the Federal Trade Commission, neither Linde AG nor Praxair will integrate any of their commercial operations until certain U.S. based assets are divested.
The issuance of Linde plc Shares in connection with the Business Combination, as described above, was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-4 (the Registration Statement) (File No. 333-218485), which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 14, 2017. Praxairs stockholders approved the Merger at Praxairs special meeting held on September 27, 2017, at which approximately 83% of the total issued and outstanding Praxair Shares were voted to approve the Business Combination, representing approximately 99% of the total votes cast at the special meeting on this proposal. The tender period for the Exchange Offer expired on November 24, 2017, with a total of 170,874,958 Linde AG Shares validly tendered, which corresponds to an acceptance rate of approximately 92% of the share capital of Linde AG.
No. 333-218485),
This Current Report on Form 8-K establishes the Company as the successor issuer to Praxair under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act, the Company is the successor issuer to Praxair, the Linde plc Shares are deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Company hereby reports this succession in accordance with Rule 12g-3(f) under the Exchange Act. The Linde plc Shares will trade on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (FSE) under the ticker symbol LIN.
12g-3(a)
12g-3(f)
Prior to the completion of the Business Combination, the Praxair Shares were registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and listed on the NYSE under the symbol PX. The Praxair Shares were suspended from trading on the NYSE as of close of business (New York Time) on October 30, 2018. The Linde AG Shares were listed on the FSE under the symbol LIN. The Linde AG Shares that were tendered in the Exchange Offer were suspended from trading on the FSE as of close of business (Frankfurt Time) on October 26, 2018. The Linde AG Shares that were not tendered in the Exchange Offer will continue trading on the FSE under the ticker symbol LNA until the effective time of the Companys intended cash-merger squeeze-out. See the section titled 5.6. Cash-Merger Squeeze-Out in the Companys European Listing Prospectus (as defined in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K), which is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
5.6. Cash-Merger Squeeze-Out
8-K),
8-K.
The description of the Business Combination Agreement contained herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Business Combination Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 and 2.1(a) hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. This summary is not intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about the Company, Praxair or Linde AG, and should not be relied upon as disclosure about the Company, Praxair or Linde AG without consideration of the periodic and current reports of the
