Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Following the unsuccessful efforts of Longfin Corp., (the Company) to restructure outstanding debt and to otherwise satisfy creditor obligations that would enable the Company to continue operations, the Companys Board of Directors determined it was in the best interests of the Companys stockholders, creditors and other interested parties to cease operations and to provide for an orderly liquidation of its assets by entering into an irrevocable Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors (the Assignment). The Assignment is a common law business liquidation mechanism under New Jersey law that is an alternative to a formal bankruptcy proceeding.
On November 14, 2018, the Company entered into the Assignment which was filed on November 19, 2018 with the Monmouth County Clerk, Freehold NJ, on behalf of the Company. At the time of filing, the Companys liabilities exceeded its assets and its current cash flow was insufficient to meet the obligations of the Company and its subsidiaries.
Anthony Sodono, III, Esquire, with an address of 75 Livingston Avenue, Roseland, New Jersey 07068 (Assignee) has been designated Assignee and will serve in a fiduciary capacity in connection with the Assignment effective immediately.
Under the terms of the Assignment, the Company transferred to the Assignee, in trust for the benefit of each of the Companys creditors, all property, including but not limited to the Companys assets, accounts receivable, lists of creditors, books and records, etc. The Assignee has the full power and authority to dispose of Company property, sue for and recover in his own name everything belonging to the Company, compromise and settle all claims, disputes and litigations of, and review and transfers of the Companys property. The Assignee shall pay and discharge all the debts and liabilities to the extent the funds are available after payment of administrative expenses, costs, and disbursements. Given the amount of the Companys liabilities, the Company does not anticipate any distributions for its stockholders from its remaining assets.
All disclosures regarding the Assignment set forth in this Current Report on Form 8-K are qualified by and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Assignment attached as an exhibit to this Current Report.
