Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously reported, on August 21, 2018, Malibu Boats, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Malibu) and an indirect subsidiary of Malibu Boats, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and PB Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Purchaser) and a direct subsidiary of Malibu, entered into an agreement to acquire the Pursuit division ("Pursuit") of S2 Yachts, Inc., a Michigan corporation (S2) from S2 and Gen 123 Properties, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company (Gen123 and together with S2, the Sellers) and an affiliate of S2, pursuant to an asset purchase agreement dated as of August 21, 2018 (the Asset Purchase Agreement), by and among the Purchaser, Malibu, the Sellers and the principals of S2 named therein (the Acquisition).
On October 15, 2018, the Purchaser completed its acquisition of Pursuit and paid an aggregate purchase price of $100.0 million. A portion of the purchase price was deposited into an escrow account to secure certain post-closing obligations of the Sellers. The Purchaser paid the purchase price for the Acquisition with $50.0 million of cash on hand and $50.0 million of borrowings under its revolving credit facility, as described below.
Pursuit, located in Fort Pierce, Florida, is a leader in the saltwater outboard fishing boat market through its offering of 15 models of offshore, dual console and center console boats.
The foregoing description of the Asset Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Asset Purchase Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 22, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference. Certain schedules and annexures to the Asset Purchase Agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted schedule or annexure upon request.
Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
