Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On November 30, 2018 (the Closing Date), pursuant to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2018 (the Arrangement Agreement), by and among Mitel Networks Corporation, a Canadian corporation (Mitel or the Company), MLN AcquisitionCo ULC, a British Columbia unlimited liability company (Purchaser), and MLN TopCo Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company (Parent), to effect, among other things, the acquisition by Purchaser of all of Mitels outstanding common shares (the common shares) pursuant to a plan of arrangement (the Arrangement) under the Canada Business Corporations Act (the CBCA), the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser, an entity indirectly owned and controlled by funds advised by Searchlight Capital Partners, L.P. (Searchlight).
The Arrangement became effective at 9:30 a.m. (Eastern time) on the Closing Date, and at such time (the Effective Time), each common share and warrant (which upon exercise entitled the holder thereof to receive, for no consideration, one-fifteenth (1/15) of a common share) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Arrangement was deemed transferred to Purchaser in exchange for the right to receive (i) in the case of a common share, US$11.15 in cash and (ii) in the case of a warrant, US$11.15 in cash for each whole common share issuable to the holder thereof upon the exercise of warrants, in each case, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes (the Consideration), and Mitels options, restricted share units and performance share units were arranged in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement.
1
15
The total amount of funds used by Parent to complete the Arrangement (including the funds to pay the Companys shareholders and to pay the holders of other equity-based interests the amounts due to them under the Arrangement Agreement) was approximately $2.0 billion (including the Companys net debt). This amount was funded through a combination of proceeds from debt financing, equity commitments from an investor group led by funds advised by Searchlight and certain co-investors and cash of the Company and its subsidiaries available to be utilized in respect of the payment of the Consideration to holders of Company stock-based awards and Company options and to repay debt.
Following the Effective Time, Mitel will be continued under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) (the Continuation) and amalgamated with Purchaser (the Amalgamation, and the entity resulting from the Amalgamation, Amalco).
The foregoing description of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Arrangement Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 24, 2018, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.
The disclosure regarding the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement set forth under Item 5.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
