Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition
On December 21, 2018, the transactions contemplated by the Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) between New Age Beverages Corporation, a Washington corporation (the Company), Morinda Holdings, Inc., a Utah corporation (Morinda) and New Age Health Sciences Holdings, Inc., a newly formed Utah corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), were completed. Merger Sub was merged with and into Morinda and Morinda became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. This transaction is referred to herein as the Merger.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company paid the following consideration to Morindas equity holders and phantom stockholder, subject to certain adjustments described in the Merger Agreement: (i) $75 million in cash; (ii) 2,016,480 shares of the Companys common stock; and (iii) 43,804 shares of Series D Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock) providing for the potential payment of up to $15 million contingent upon Morinda achieving certain post-closing milestones, as further discussed herein.
Pursuant to the Certificate of Designations of Series D Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations), the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive a dividend of up to an aggregate of Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) (the Milestone Dividend) if the Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) of the Surviving Corporation (as defined in the Merger Agreement) is at least Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000) for the year ended December 31, 2019. The Milestone Dividend is payable on April 15, 2020 (the Dividend Payment Date). If the Adjusted EBITDA of the Surviving Corporation is less than Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000), the Milestone Dividend shall be adjusted based on applying a five times multiple to the difference between the Adjusted EBITDA of $20 million and actual Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2019 and adjusting accordingly to the $15 million Milestone Dividend. Additionally, the Company is required to pay an annual dividend to the holders of the Preferred Stock equal to an aggregate of 1.5% of the Milestone Dividend amount, payable on a pro rata basis. The Company may pay the Milestone Dividend and /or the annual dividend in cash or in kind, provided that if the Company chooses to pay in kind, the shares of common stock issued as payment therefore must be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Preferred Stock shall terminate on the Dividend Payment Date.
The Company paid $1,062,500 in cash and 214,250 shares of common stock to a broker dealer in connection with the consummation of the Merger.
The common stock, Preferred Stock and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock have not been registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state, and were offered and issued (or will be issued) in reliance on the exemption from registration under the Securities Act, afforded by Section4(a)(2).
Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.
