Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The information set forth in the Explanatory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
On October 17, 2018, the Company, through a subsidiary of its operating partnership, completed the disposition of its approximately 1% interest in a 1.8 million square foot Class-A office building located at 1285 Avenue of the Americas in Midtown Manhattan to an unaffiliated third party, for gross proceeds of approximately $5.39 million (the 1285 AoA Sale).
On October 18, 2018, the Company, through a subsidiary of its operating partnership, completed the disposition of its $19.0 million interest in a $20.0 million mezzanine loan secured by a pledge of an ownership interest in a luxury condominium development project located in the West Village of New York City to CLNC ML Jane NYC, LLC, an affiliate of a company managed by Colony Capital, Inc., the Companys co-sponsor for gross proceeds of approximately $19.0 million (the Jane Street Sale).
The repayment by the borrower in August 2018 of a mezzanine loan in which the Company owned a $9.5 million interest and the consummation of the 1285 AoA Sale and the Jane Street Sale, completed the components of the Asset Monetization and resulted in the Company having no assets other than cash. The net proceeds to the Company from the Asset Monetization were approximately $33.7 million. Following the completion of the Asset Monetization, the Company completed the Merger.
Prior to the Merger Effective Time, the shares held by affiliates of the Companys co-sponsors, Colony Capital, Inc. and RXR Realty LLC, which own 212,139 and 70,713 shares in the Company respectively, were voluntarily forfeited in exchange for their par value of $0.01 per share (the Sponsor Share Forfeiture).
At the Merger Effective Time, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of the Companys common stock (Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, after giving effect to the Sponsor Share Forfeiture, was cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $9.1877 (the Per Share Merger Consideration). The Per Share Merger Consideration reflects each share of Common Stocks pro rata share of the net proceeds from the Asset Monetization, plus all available cash held by the Company, less all known liabilities of the Company incurred prior to the Closing Date and all incurred and unpaid expenses related to the Transaction.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Appendix A to the definitive proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on September 11, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.
