Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On the Closing Date, Ocwen completed its previously announced acquisition of PHH, pursuant to the Merger Agreement. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of PHH common stock, par value $0.01 per share, was converted into the right to receive $11.00 in cash.
The aggregate value of the consideration paid to former holders of PHH common stock described above in connection with the Merger was approximately $360 million in cash.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Ocwens Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2018, and which is incorporated by reference.
The Merger Agreement has been incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this report to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about PHH, Ocwen or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement were made only for purposes of that agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties in connection with negotiating the terms of the Merger Agreement, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made by each party to the other for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between them that differ from those applicable to investors. In addition, certain representations and warranties may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to investors and may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather than establishing matters as facts. Information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures by PHH or Ocwen. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any description thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of PHH, Ocwen or any of their respective subsidiaries, affiliates or businesses.
