Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition of Disposition of Assets.
Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition of Disposition of Assets.
The information set forth in the Introductory Note and in Items 1.01, 3.03, 5.01, 5.02 and 5.03 of this report is incorporated herein by reference.
At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $.01 per share (Company Common Stock), of the Company owned immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than as provided below, was converted into the right to receive $27.50 in cash (the per share merger consideration), without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes. The following shares of Company Common Stock were not converted into the right to receive the per share merger consideration in connection with the Merger: (i) shares of Company Common Stock held by the Company or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries or Parent or its subsidiaries; (ii) shares of Company Common Stock held by the Rollover Investors; and (iii) shares of Company Common Stock whose holders did not vote in favor of adopting the Merger Agreement and have demanded and perfected their appraisal rights in accordance with, and have complied in all respects with, the Florida Business Corporation Act (Dissenting Shares).
In connection with the consummation of the Merger, (i) each stock option and stock appreciation right, whether or not then exercisable or vested, was converted into the right to receive at the closing cash equal to the product of (a) the excess, if any, of the merger consideration over the per share exercise price of the applicable option or stock appreciation right and (b) the number of shares of Company Common Stock underlying such option or stock appreciation right; (ii) each restricted stock award not subject to any performance-based vesting condition held by an employee was automatically vested and converted into the right to receive at the closing cash equal to the product of (a) the per share merger consideration and (b) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such restricted stock award; (iii) each restricted stock award not subject to any performance-based vesting condition held by a non-employee member of the board of directors of the Company vested on a prorated basis based on the number of days that elapsed since the grant date of such award and was converted into the right to receive at the closing cash equal to the product of (a) the per share merger consideration and (b) such pro-rated number of shares; and (iv) with the exception of certain management members described below, each restricted stock award subject to any performance-based vesting condition was converted into a right to receive a restricted cash award from the surviving corporation that will vest and be payable (without regard to any performance goals but subject to applicable service vesting conditions in the prior award) at the end of its currently applicable vesting period, with the cash payment therefor equal to the product of: (a) the per share merger consideration and (b) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such restricted stock award that would have vested based on target level achievement. Such restricted cash award will accelerate upon a termination without cause or for good reason prior to the scheduled vesting date. Each restricted stock award subject to any performance-based vesting condition held by Mr. Jorge Narino or Ms. Tricia McDermott Thompkins was converted into a right to receive at the closing a cash payment equal to the product of: (a) the per share merger consideration and (b) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such restricted stock award that would have vested based on target level achievement. All outstanding restricted stock units held by George Feldenkreis were cancelled.
The aggregate merger consideration is approximately $437 million and was funded by the proceeds received in connection with the debt financings described in Item 1.01 of this report, as well as cash on hand at the Company and its subsidiaries.
The Rollover Investors contributed, in the aggregate, approximately 19.8% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time to Parent in exchange for a pro rata share of the equity of Parent based on a value of each share of Company Common Stock so contributed of $27.50.
George Feldenkreis is the founder of the Company and a member of the board of directors of the Company. George Feldenkreis beneficially owned approximately 10.8% of the Company Common Stock before completion of the Merger. Oscar Feldenkreis is Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of the Company and the son of George Feldenkreis. Oscar Feldenkreis beneficially owned approximately 7.7% of the Company Common Stock before completion of the Merger.
A special committee of the board of directors of the Company, comprised entirely or independent and disinterested directors, voted unanimously to recommend to the board of directors that it, and thereafter the board of directors, acknowledging the interest of George Feldenkreis and Oscar Feldenkreis in the Merger, voted unanimously to approve and declare advisable the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and declare that the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and the unaffiliated shareholders of the Company. On October 18, 2018, the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement was approved at a special meeting of shareholders of the Company by the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock entitled to vote thereon, and (ii) a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock entitled to vote thereon not owned by (A) officers or directors of the Company, (B) the Rollover Investors or (C) any person having any equity interest in Parent or Merger Sub.
The foregoing summary of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference.
