Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 31, 2018, Praxair, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Linde Aktiengesellschaft, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Germany (Linde AG), combined under Linde plc, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland (Linde plc), as contemplated by the business combination agreement, dated June 1, 2017, as amended on August 10, 2017 (the Business Combination Agreement), by and among the Company, Linde AG, Linde plc, Zamalight Holdco LLC and Zamalight Subco, Inc. (the Business Combination). Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, (i) the Company became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Linde plc through the merger of Zamalight Subco, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary of Linde plc with and into the Company (the Merger), and (ii) Linde AG became an indirect subsidiary of Linde plc through an exchange offer by Linde plc for each issued and outstanding bearer share of Linde AG (the Exchange Offer).
In the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (the Company Shares), was converted into the right to receive one ordinary share, nominal value 0.001 per share, of Linde plc (the Linde plc Shares). Each issued and outstanding ordinary bearer share, without par value, of Linde AG that was validly tendered in the Exchange Offer was exchanged for 1.540 Linde plc Shares.
The issuance of Linde plc Shares in connection with the Business Combination, as described above, was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-218485), which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 14, 2017. Praxairs stockholders approved the Merger at Praxairs special meeting held on September 27, 2017, at which approximately 83% of the total issued and outstanding Praxair Shares were voted to approve the Business Combination, representing approximately 99% of the total votes cast at the special meeting on this proposal. The tender period for the Exchange Offer expired on November 24, 2017, with a total of 170,874,958 Linde AG Shares validly tendered, which corresponds to an acceptance rate of approximately 92% of the share capital of Linde AG.
No. 333-218485),
The description of the Business Combination Agreement contained herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Business Combination Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 and 2.1(a) hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. This summary is not intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about the Company, Linde AG or Linde plc, and should not be relied upon as disclosure about the Company, Linde AG or Linde plc without consideration of the periodic and current reports of the Company, Linde AG or Linde plc. In particular, it is important to bear in mind that the representations and warranties contained in the Business Combination Agreement were negotiated with the principal purpose of allocating risk between the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, rather than establishing matters as facts, and you should not rely upon the representations and warranties contained in the Business Combination Agreement as characterizations of actual facts or circumstances as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement or as of any other date.
