Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On December 11, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Reliance completed its previously announced acquisition of Radisys through the Merger. As a result of the Merger, Radisys became a wholly owned subsidiary of Reliance. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, no par value, of Radisys (collectively, Shares) issued and outstanding (other than shares owned by Reliance, Merger Sub or any other wholly owned subsidiary of Reliance or Radisys or held in the treasury of Radisys, all of which were cancelled without any consideration being exchanged therefor) was cancelled and extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive $1.72 in cash, without interest, and less any applicable withholding taxes (the Merger Consideration).
In addition, as of the Effective Time, all outstanding stock options and restricted stock unit awards (collectively, Company Equity Awards) were cancelled and converted into the right to receive a specified amount of cash (subject to any applicable withholding tax), without interest, based on the Merger Consideration.
Company Equity Awards
) were cancelled and converted into the right to receive a specified amount of cash (subject to any applicable withholding tax), without interest, based on the Merger Consideration.
The funds to pay the Merger Consideration, to consummate the Merger and to perform the other transactions and obligations described in the Merger Agreement were obtained from existing credit facilities of Reliance and its subsidiaries, cash and cash equivalents on hand of Reliance and its subsidiaries and cash and cash equivalents on hand of Radisys and its subsidiaries.
The foregoing description of the effects of the Merger and the Merger Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby, does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Merger Agreement. A copy of the Merger Agreement was attached as Exhibit 2.1 to Radisyss Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 2, 2018, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.
Item 3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.
