Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 15, 2018, RealPage, Inc., a Delaware corporation (RealPage), completed its previously announced acquisition of Rentlytics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Rentlytics), pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 11, 2018 (the Merger Agreement), by and among RealPage, RP Newco XXVI Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of RealPage and a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub), Rentlytics, each of the equityholders of Rentlytics who have executed the Merger Agreement (the Equityholders), and Fortis Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, solely in its capacity as the Equityholders Representative (the Representative). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the purchase price was approximately $57 million in cash, subject to a working capital adjustment, in exchange for all outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity interests of Rentlytics. RealPage retained a portion of the purchase price as a holdback to serve as security for the benefit of RealPage and its affiliates against the indemnification obligations of the Equityholders and certain post-closing purchase price adjustments. Subject to any indemnification claims and post-closing purchase price adjustments, the holdback will be released to the Equityholders on or shortly after each of the first and second anniversary dates of the closing of the Merger Agreement.
and Fortis Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, solely in its capacity as the Equityholders Representative (the Representative). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the purchase price was approximately $57 million in cash, subject to a working capital adjustment, in exchange for all outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity interests of Rentlytics. RealPage retained a portion of the purchase price as a holdback to serve as security for the benefit of RealPage and its affiliates against the indemnification obligations of the Equityholders and certain post-closing purchase price adjustments. Subject to any indemnification claims and post-closing purchase price adjustments, the holdback will be released to the Equityholders on or shortly after each of the first and second anniversary dates of the closing of the Merger Agreement.
The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and covenants of RealPage, Merger Sub, Rentlytics and the Equityholders. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement and as of the specified dates set forth therein, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties or covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or conditions of RealPage, Merger Sub, Rentlytics and the Equityholders or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in RealPages public disclosures.
The foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Merger Agreement, which RealPage will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to a forthcoming periodic financial report.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
