Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On December 17, 2018, Enbridge Inc. (Enbridge) completed its previously announced acquisition of Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 24, 2018 (the Merger Agreement), by and among SEP, Spectra Energy Partners (DE) GP, LP, Enbridge, Enbridge (U.S.) Inc., Autumn Acquisition Sub, LLC (Merger Sub), and, solely for the purposes of Article I, Article II and Article XI, Enbridge US Holdings Inc., Spectra Energy Corp, Spectra Energy Capital, LLC and Spectra Energy Transmission, LLC. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into SEP, with SEP continuing as the surviving entity and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Enbridge (the Merger).
As a result of the Merger, each common unit of SEP representing limited partner interests in SEP (each, an SEP Common Unit) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (excluding certain Excluded Units, as defined in the Merger Agreement) was converted into the right to receive from Enbridge 1.111 common shares of Enbridge (Enbridge Shares and such consideration, the Merger Consideration).
Enbridge issued 90,998,672 Enbridge Shares in connection with the Merger. The issuance of the Enbridge Shares in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to Enbridges registration statement on Form S-4 (Reg No. 333-227769), declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2018. The consent solicitation statement/prospectus (the Consent Solicitation Statement/Prospectus) included in the registration statement contains additional information about the Merger.
No. 333-227769),
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to SEPs Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 24, 2018.
