Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 5, 2018, SYNNEX Corporation (SYNNEX) completed its acquisition of Convergys Corporation, an Ohio corporation (Convergys), in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 28, 2018, by and among SYNNEX, Delta Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX (Merger Sub I), Concentrix CVG Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX (Merger Sub II), and Convergys, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 22, 2018, by and among SYNNEX, Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II and Convergys (as further amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Merger Agreement). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub I merged with and into Convergys (the Initial Merger), with Convergys surviving the Initial Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX (such surviving corporation, the Surviving Corporation), and immediately thereafter the Surviving Corporation merged with and into Merger Sub II (the Subsequent Merger and together with the Initial Merger, the Mergers), with Merger Sub II surviving the Subsequent Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX.
At the effective time of the Initial Merger (the Effective Time), (i) each Convergys common share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time automatically converted into (A) the right to receive $13.25 in cash and (B) 0.1263 shares of common stock, par value $0.001, of SYNNEX (SYNNEX Stock), plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares of SYNNEX Stock, in each case, without interest, (ii) each option to purchase Convergys common shares (Convergys Option) outstanding as of the Effective Time with an exercise price per Convergys common share less than $24.76 (the Cash Equivalent Merger Consideration) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a cash amount equal to, for each Convergys common share underlying such Convergys option, the excess of (x) the Cash Equivalent Merger Consideration over (y) the applicable per share exercise price of the Convergys Option and (iii) each outstanding Convergys restricted stock unit (Convergys RSU), Convergys performance-based stock unit (Convergys PSU) and Convergys deferred stock unit (Convergys DSU) as of the Effective Time was cancelled in consideration for the right to $24.76 in cash. Each Convergys Option with an exercise price per Convergys common share that was greater than or equal to the Cash Equivalent Merger Consideration was cancelled for no consideration. The cash payment in respect of each Convergys RSU or Convergys PSU that was granted on or after March 31, 2016 will remain unvested and will continue to vest and be paid in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement.
SYNNEX issued an aggregate of 11,510,855 shares of SYNNEX Stock and paid an aggregate of $1.2 billion in cash in connection with the Mergers. Immediately after the Mergers, (i) there were approximately 51,161,022 shares of SYNNEX Stock outstanding and (ii) the former Convergys shareholders owned approximately 22% of the outstanding SYNNEX Stock.
51,161,022 shares of SYNNEX Stock outstanding and (ii) the former Convergys shareholders owned approximately 22% of the outstanding SYNNEX Stock.
The issuance of the shares of SYNNEX common stock in connection with the Mergers was registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on a Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (Reg. No. 333-226708), which was declared effective on August 28, 2018.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed by SYNNEX on July 2, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Merger Agreement
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
Merger Agreement
, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed by SYNNEX on
July 2, 2018
, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
