Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On October 31, 2018 (the Closing Date), TransEnterix, Inc. (the Company) completed the strategic acquisition (the Acquisition Transaction) of substantially all of the assets, including intellectual property assets, of MST Medical Surgery Technologies, Ltd., an Israeli private company (the Seller). The acquisition was consummated pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2018 (the Purchase Agreement) among the Company, the Seller and two of the Companys wholly owned subsidiaries, as purchasers of the assets of the Seller, including the intellectual property assets (collectively, the Buyers).
Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the acquisition price is to be paid in two tranches. As of the Closing Date, the Buyers paid $5.8 million in cash to the Seller, and the Company issued 3.15 million shares of the Companys common stock (the Securities Consideration) to the Seller. Within one year after the Closing Date, the Company and the Buyers shall pay an additional $6.6 million as additional consideration, payable in cash, stock or cash and stock, at the discretion of the Company (the Additional Consideration).
The issuance of the Securities Consideration was effected as a private placement of securities under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Securities Consideration issued represents approximately 1.5% of the Companys outstanding common stock. On the Closing Date, the Company and Seller entered into a Lock-Up Agreement restricting the Sellers ability to transfer the Securities Consideration for up to eighteen months after the Closing Date, and a Registration Rights Agreement, under which the Company committed to register the Securities Consideration for resale once the applicable lock-up periods are satisfied.
lock-up
The foregoing description of the Securities Consideration paid at Closing is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Purchase Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2018, and incorporated by reference herein.
