Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Acquisition of IV Enterprises Development Limited
On September 30, 2018, United Royale Holdings Corp. (URYL or the Company) and Mr. CHEN Zheru (Seller), representing the sole shareholder of IV Enterprises Development Limited, a Seychelles corporation (IVED), entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement (the Agreement), pursuant to which URYL acquired 100% (one hundred percent) of the shareholding of IVED. In consideration for the transfer by Seller to URYL of the Share and the Purchased Assets, URYL shall assume the Assumed Liabilities and pay to Seller US$1 in cash at Closing.
IVED provides services through its wholly-owned subsidiary in Malaysia as set forth below:
Name Business Bosy Holdings (HK) Limited (Hong Kong Company) Investment holding Oudh Tech Sdn Bhd (Malaysia Company) Engages and has a business plan of tree nurseries, including planting, cultivation and inoculation services
Business
Bosy Holdings (HK) Limited (Hong Kong Company) Investment holding
Investment holding
Oudh Tech Sdn Bhd (Malaysia Company) Engages and has a business plan of tree nurseries, including planting, cultivation and inoculation services
Engages and has a business plan of tree nurseries, including planting, cultivation and inoculation services
On September 30, 2018, URYL completed the acquisition.
Mr. CHEN Zheru is the common director and major shareholder of URYL and IVED. As a result of this common ownership and in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Section 805 Business Combination, the transaction is being treated as a combination between entities under common control. The recognized assets and liabilities were transferred at their carrying amounts at the date of the transaction. Further, the companies will be combined retrospectively for prior year comparative information as if the transaction had occurred on January 1, 2017.
Business Combination
The foregoing description of the Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the copy of the Agreement filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
