Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On November 26, 2018, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the previously-announced Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 4, 2017 (the Merger Agreement), among United Technologies Corporation (the Company), Riveter Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), and Rockwell Collins, Inc. (Rockwell Collins), Merger Sub merged with and into Rockwell Collins (the Merger), with Rockwell Collins continuing as the surviving corporation of the Merger. As a result of the Merger, Rockwell Collins has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of Rockwell Collins common stock, par value $0.01 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (except for shares held by Rockwell Collins as treasury stock or held directly by the Company or Merger Sub, shares held by any wholly owned subsidiary of Rockwell Collins or any wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (other than Merger Sub)) was converted into the right to receive (i) $93.33 in cash, without interest and (ii) 0.37525 of a share of Company common stock, par value $1.00 per share, and cash in lieu of fractional shares (together, the Merger Consideration), less any applicable withholding taxes. At the Effective Time, each then-outstanding Rockwell Collins stock option was canceled in exchange for the right to receive the Merger Consideration in respect of each net option share subject to such option, less applicable tax withholding, with the number of net option shares calculated by subtracting from the total number of shares subject to such option a number of shares with a value equal to the aggregate applicable exercise price. At the Effective Time, each then-outstanding Rockwell Collins restricted stock award, and each Rockwell Collins restricted stock unit award, whether performance-based or time-based, granted prior to the date of the Merger Agreement or to a non-employee director of Rockwell Collins, became fully vested and was canceled in exchange for the right to receive the Merger Consideration in respect of each share of Rockwell Collins common stock subject to such award (with the number of shares subject to any performance-based restricted stock unit award deemed to be equal to the target number of shares), less applicable tax withholding. At the Effective Time, each then-outstanding Rockwell Collins restricted stock unit award, whether performance-based or time-based, granted on or after the date of the Merger Agreement was assumed by the Company and converted into a time-based restricted stock unit award of the Company with an equivalent value (as calculated in accordance with the formula set forth in the Merger Agreement, and with any performance-based restricted stock unit award deemed to be achieved at target level). At the Effective Time, each then-outstanding Rockwell Collins deferred stock unit award that was payable by its terms upon the consummation of the Merger was canceled in consideration for the right to receive (i) if payable in cash by its terms, a lump sum cash payment equal to the product of the value of the Merger Consideration and the number of shares of Rockwell Collins common stock relating to such deferred stock unit award, less applicable tax withholding, or (ii) if payable in shares by its terms, the Merger Consideration in respect of each share of Rockwell Collins common stock subject to such award, less applicable tax withholding. At the Effective Time, each then-outstanding Rockwell Collins deferred stock unit award that was not payable by its terms upon the consummation of the Merger was assumed by the Company and converted into a deferred stock unit award of the Company with an equivalent value (as calculated in accordance with the formula set forth in the Merger Agreement).
The total aggregate consideration payable in the Merger was approximately $15.5 billion in cash and approximately 62.4 million shares of Company common stock. In addition, approximately $8 billion of Rockwell Collins debt remained outstanding following the Merger.
The above-described issuance of shares of the Companys common stock in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-220883) filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and declared effective on December 6, 2017. The proxy statement/prospectus, dated December 11, 2017, included in the registration statement (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus) contains additional information about the above-described transactions.
No. 333-220883)
The foregoing description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to (i) the other items of this Current Report on Form 8-K, (ii) the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and (iii) the Merger Agreement, included as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.
2
