Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The disclosure set forth in the Introductory Note above is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference. On November 15, 2018, the Business Combination was approved by the stockholders of Landcadia at the special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting). The Business Combination was completed on November 15, 2018.
The aggregate consideration for the Business Combination was $300,000,000, consisting of (i) approximately $71.7 million in cash and (ii) 22,831,697 shares of common stock valued at $10.00 per share. In addition, an aggregate of 559,507 of the Companys stock options were issued to holders of options to purchase Waitr shares that were unvested, outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Business Combination.
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
The Company makes and incorporates by reference forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K. These forward-looking statements relate to expectations for future financial performance, business strategies or expectations for the Companys business. Specifically, forward-looking statements may include statements relating to:
 the benefits of the Business Combination;

the benefits of the Business Combination;
 the future financial performance of the post-combination company following the Business Combination;

the future financial performance of the post-combination company following the Business Combination;
 expansion plans and opportunities; and

expansion plans and opportunities; and
 other statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words may, can, should, will, estimate, plan, project, forecast, intend, expect, anticipate, believe, seek, target or similar expressions.

other statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words may, can, should, will, estimate, plan, project, forecast, intend, expect, anticipate, believe, seek, target or similar expressions.
These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K and the Companys managements current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Companys views as of any subsequent date. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the Companys actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include:
 the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations;

the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations;
 the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition and the ability of the combined business to grow and manage growth profitably;

the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition and the ability of the combined business to grow and manage growth profitably;
 costs related to the Business Combination;

costs related to the Business Combination;
 changes in applicable laws or regulations;

changes in applicable laws or regulations;
 the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and

the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and
 other risks and uncertainties indicated or incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section in Landcadias definitive proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 1, 2018 (the Proxy Statement) relating to the Special Meeting, which is incorporated herein by reference.

other risks and uncertainties indicated or incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section in Landcadias definitive proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 1, 2018 (the Proxy Statement) relating to the Special Meeting, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Business
The business of Landcadia prior to the Business Combination is described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Information About the Company, which is incorporated by reference herein. The business of Waitr prior to the Business Combination is described in in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Information About Waitr, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Risk Factors
The risk factors related to the Companys business and operations and the Business Combination are set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Risk Factors, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Properties
The properties of the Company are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Information About Waitr  Facilities, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Financial Information
The information set forth in Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Operations
The information set forth in Exhibit 99.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk
The information set forth in Exhibit 99.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
The following table sets forth information known to the Company regarding beneficial ownership of common stock as of November 21, 2018 by:
 each person known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of outstanding common stock;

each person known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of outstanding common stock;
 each of the Companys executive officers and directors; and

each of the Companys executive officers and directors; and
 all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group.

all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group.
Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. Share of common stock issuable upon exercise of options or warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding solely for purposes of calculating the percentage of class and percentage of total voting power of the beneficial owner thereof.
The beneficial ownership of the common stock of the Company is based on 54,585,538 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of November 21, 2018.
Unless otherwise indicated, the Company believes that each person named in the table below has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by him.
Directors and Officers(1) Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percentage of Outstanding Shares Christopher Meaux(2) 4,987,044 9.1% David Pringle 355,020 * Joseph Stough(3) 854,862 1.6% Travis Boudreaux 227,024 * Addison Killebrew 228,340 * Sonny Mayugba 291,026 * Karl Meche(4) 26,912 * Manuel Rivero 651,678 1.2% Tilman J. Fertitta(5) 4,000,000 7.3% Scott Fletcher - - Jonathan Green(6) 3,059,569 5.3% Joseph LeBlanc 126,386 * Steven L. Scheinthal 150,000 * William Gray Stream(7) 1,305,556 2.4% All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (14 individuals) 16,263,417 28.2 Greater than 5% Stockholders Fertitta Entertainment, Inc.(5) 4,000,000 7.3% Jefferies Financial Group Inc.(8) 4,852,842 8.8% Meaux Enterprises, LLC(2) 4,987,044 9.1% Luxor Capital Group, LP(6) 6,178,326 10.2%
Directors and Officers(1)
(1)
Number of Shares Beneficially Owned
Beneficially Owned
Percentage of Outstanding Shares
Shares
Christopher Meaux(2) 4,987,044 9.1%
4,987,044
9.1%
David Pringle 355,020 *
355,020
*
Joseph Stough(3) 854,862 1.6%
854,862
1.6%
Travis Boudreaux 227,024 *
227,024
*
Addison Killebrew 228,340 *
228,340
*
Sonny Mayugba 291,026 *
291,026
*
Karl Meche(4) 26,912 *
26,912
*
Manuel Rivero 651,678 1.2%
651,678
1.2%
Tilman J. Fertitta(5) 4,000,000 7.3%
4,000,000
7.3%
Scott Fletcher - -
-
-
Jonathan Green(6) 3,059,569 5.3%
3,059,569
5.3%
Joseph LeBlanc 126,386 *
126,386
*
Steven L. Scheinthal 150,000 *
150,000
*
William Gray Stream(7) 1,305,556 2.4%
1,305,556
2.4%
All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (14 individuals) 16,263,417 28.2
16,263,417
28.2
Greater than 5% Stockholders
Fertitta Entertainment, Inc.(5) 4,000,000 7.3%
4,000,000
7.3%
Jefferies Financial Group Inc.(8) 4,852,842 8.8%
4,852,842
8.8%
Meaux Enterprises, LLC(2) 4,987,044 9.1%
4,987,044
9.1%
Luxor Capital Group, LP(6) 6,178,326 10.2%
6,178,326
10.2%
* Less than 1%.
(1) This information is based on 54,585,538 shares of common stock outstanding at November 21, 2018. Except as described in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community property laws and similar laws, the Company believes that each person listed above has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the entities, directors and executives in this table is 844 Ryan Street, Suite 300, Lake Charles, Louisiana 70601. (2) Interests shown include 3,843,708 shares held by Meaux Enterprises, LLC (Meaux LLC). Mr. Meaux has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by Meaux LLC. Any shares issued to Mr. Meaux personally in connection with the Merger Agreement are expected to be transferred as soon as practicable following Closing to Meaux LLC, and all holdings by Meaux LLC and Mr. Meaux have been consolidated for purposes of this table. (3) Interests shown include 24,768 shares held by Stough Family Trust and 12,383 shares held by Jolie Ann Stough Trust (together, the Stough Trusts) for the benefit of Mr. Stoughs children. Mr. Stough disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by the Stough Trusts except to the extent of his respective pecuniary interests therein. (4) Interests shown consist of options to purchase common stock granted on October 1, 2018. 25% of such options will vest one year from the grant date, with 1/48 vesting on a monthly basis thereafter. (5) Interests shown are held directly by FEI. Tilman J. Fertitta owns and controls FEI and has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by FEI.
This information is based on 54,585,538 shares of common stock outstanding at November 21, 2018. Except as described in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community property laws and similar laws, the Company believes that each person listed above has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the entities, directors and executives in this table is 844 Ryan Street, Suite 300, Lake Charles, Louisiana 70601.
(2) Interests shown include 3,843,708 shares held by Meaux Enterprises, LLC (Meaux LLC). Mr. Meaux has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by Meaux LLC. Any shares issued to Mr. Meaux personally in connection with the Merger Agreement are expected to be transferred as soon as practicable following Closing to Meaux LLC, and all holdings by Meaux LLC and Mr. Meaux have been consolidated for purposes of this table.
Interests shown include 3,843,708 shares held by Meaux Enterprises, LLC (Meaux LLC). Mr. Meaux has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by Meaux LLC. Any shares issued to Mr. Meaux personally in connection with the Merger Agreement are expected to be transferred as soon as practicable following Closing to Meaux LLC, and all holdings by Meaux LLC and Mr. Meaux have been consolidated for purposes of this table.
(3) Interests shown include 24,768 shares held by Stough Family Trust and 12,383 shares held by Jolie Ann Stough Trust (together, the Stough Trusts) for the benefit of Mr. Stoughs children. Mr. Stough disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by the Stough Trusts except to the extent of his respective pecuniary interests therein.
Interests shown include 24,768 shares held by Stough Family Trust and 12,383 shares held by Jolie Ann Stough Trust (together, the Stough Trusts) for the benefit of Mr. Stoughs children. Mr. Stough disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by the Stough Trusts except to the extent of his respective pecuniary interests therein.
(4) Interests shown consist of options to purchase common stock granted on October 1, 2018. 25% of such options will vest one year from the grant date, with 1/48 vesting on a monthly basis thereafter.
Interests shown consist of options to purchase common stock granted on October 1, 2018. 25% of such options will vest one year from the grant date, with 1/48 vesting on a monthly basis thereafter.
(5) Interests shown are held directly by FEI. Tilman J. Fertitta owns and controls FEI and has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by FEI.
Interests shown are held directly by FEI. Tilman J. Fertitta owns and controls FEI and has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by FEI.
(6) The interests held by Luxor Capital Group, LP (Luxor Capital) include (i) 150,000 shares of common stock, (ii) 1,028,325 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of public warrants held by investment funds affiliated with Luxor Capital (the Luxor Funds), (iii) 384,615 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by the Luxor Funds, and (iv) 4,615,386 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes held by the Luxor Funds. Luxor Capital may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by each of the Luxor Funds. In addition, Jonathan Green, as a managing member and controlling person of the general partner of one of the Luxor Funds, may be deemed to beneficially own (i) 54,109 shares of common stock held by such fund, (ii) 374,291 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of public warrants held by such fund, (iii) 202,400 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Debt Warrants held by such fund and (iv) 2,428,769 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes held by such fund. The Luxor Funds will not have the right to convert Notes to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, Luxor Capital would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. Christian Leone, as a controlling person of Luxor Capital, may be deemed a beneficial owner of all the shares to be owned by Luxor Capital, and Jonathan Green, as a controlling person of the general partner of one of the Luxor Funds, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the shares to be owned by such fund. Mr. Leone and Mr. Green disclaim beneficial ownership except to the extent of their respective pecuniary interests therein. The business address of Luxor, Mr. Leone and Mr. Green is 1114 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10036. (7) Interests shown include (i) 509,324 shares held by Stream Investment Holdings, LLC (SIH), (ii) 9,169 shares held by Stream Financial Services, LLC (SFS), (iii) 97,794 shares held by Sierra Pelican (Sierra) and (iv) 617,049 shares held by Mithras, LLC (Mithras). Mr. Stream has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by each of SIH, SFS, Sierra and Mithras, and therefore may be deemed a beneficial owner of the shares held by such entities. Mr. Stream disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by such entities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. (8) Based solely on a Schedule 13D/A filed on November 19, 2018 by Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (f/k/a Leucadia National Corporation), on behalf of itself and its controlled subsidiaries, the interests shown include (i) 638,561 shares of common stock and (ii) 319,281 shares issuable upon conversion of public warrants.
The interests held by Luxor Capital Group, LP (Luxor Capital) include (i) 150,000 shares of common stock, (ii) 1,028,325 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of public warrants held by investment funds affiliated with Luxor Capital (the Luxor Funds), (iii) 384,615 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by the Luxor Funds, and (iv) 4,615,386 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes held by the Luxor Funds. Luxor Capital may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by each of the Luxor Funds. In addition, Jonathan Green, as a managing member and controlling person of the general partner of one of the Luxor Funds, may be deemed to beneficially own (i) 54,109 shares of common stock held by such fund, (ii) 374,291 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of public warrants held by such fund, (iii) 202,400 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Debt Warrants held by such fund and (iv) 2,428,769 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes held by such fund. The Luxor Funds will not have the right to convert Notes to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, Luxor Capital would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. Christian Leone, as a controlling person of Luxor Capital, may be deemed a beneficial owner of all the shares to be owned by Luxor Capital, and Jonathan Green, as a controlling person of the general partner of one of the Luxor Funds, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the shares to be owned by such fund. Mr. Leone and Mr. Green disclaim beneficial ownership except to the extent of their respective pecuniary interests therein. The business address of Luxor, Mr. Leone and Mr. Green is 1114 Avenue of the Americas, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10036.
(7) Interests shown include (i) 509,324 shares held by Stream Investment Holdings, LLC (SIH), (ii) 9,169 shares held by Stream Financial Services, LLC (SFS), (iii) 97,794 shares held by Sierra Pelican (Sierra) and (iv) 617,049 shares held by Mithras, LLC (Mithras). Mr. Stream has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by each of SIH, SFS, Sierra and Mithras, and therefore may be deemed a beneficial owner of the shares held by such entities. Mr. Stream disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by such entities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.
Interests shown include (i) 509,324 shares held by Stream Investment Holdings, LLC (SIH), (ii) 9,169 shares held by Stream Financial Services, LLC (SFS), (iii) 97,794 shares held by Sierra Pelican (Sierra) and (iv) 617,049 shares held by Mithras, LLC (Mithras). Mr. Stream has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by each of SIH, SFS, Sierra and Mithras, and therefore may be deemed a beneficial owner of the shares held by such entities. Mr. Stream disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by such entities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.
(8) Based solely on a Schedule 13D/A filed on November 19, 2018 by Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (f/k/a Leucadia National Corporation), on behalf of itself and its controlled subsidiaries, the interests shown include (i) 638,561 shares of common stock and (ii) 319,281 shares issuable upon conversion of public warrants.
Based solely on a Schedule 13D/A filed on November 19, 2018 by Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (f/k/a Leucadia National Corporation), on behalf of itself and its controlled subsidiaries, the interests shown include (i) 638,561 shares of common stock and (ii) 319,281 shares issuable upon conversion of public warrants.
Directors and Officers
Biographical information with respect to the Companys directors and executive officers immediately after the Closing is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Management After the Business Combination, which is incorporated herein by reference.
In connection with and effective upon the consummation of the Business Combination, each of Landcadias officers and directors resigned.
The size of the Board was increased to seven members effective upon the Closing. At the Special Meeting, each of Joseph LeBlanc and Steven L. Scheinthal were elected by the Companys stockholders to serve as Class I directors effective upon the Closing with terms expiring at the Companys 2019 annual meeting of stockholders; each of Scott Fletcher and William Gray Stream were elected by the Companys stockholders to serve as Class II directors effective upon the Closing with terms expiring at the Companys 2020 annual meeting of stockholders; and Christopher Meaux, Tilman J. Fertitta and Jonathan Green were elected by the Companys stockholders to serve as Class III directors effective upon the Closing with terms expiring at the Companys 2021 annual meeting of stockholders.
Director Independence
The listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) require that a majority of the Board be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of a company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the board of directors of such company, would interfere with the directors exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
Messrs. Fertitta, Fletcher, LeBlanc and Stream, being a majority of the directors on the Board, have been determined to be independent by the Board pursuant to the rules of Nasdaq.
Committees of the Board of Directors
Following the Closing, the standing committees of the Board consist of an audit committee (the Audit Committee), a compensation committee (the Compensation Committee), and a corporate governance and nominating committee (the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee). Each of the committees reports to Board.
The composition, duties and responsibilities of these committees are set forth below.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things, (i) appointing, retaining and evaluating the Companys independent registered public accounting firm and approving all services to be performed by them; (ii) overseeing the Companys independent registered public accounting firms qualifications, independence and performance; (ii) overseeing the financial reporting process and discussing with management and the Companys independent registered public accounting firm the interim and annual financial statements that the Company files with the SEC; (iv) reviewing and monitoring the Companys accounting principles, accounting policies, financial and accounting controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (v) establishing procedures for the confidential anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal controls or auditing matters; and (vi) reviewing and approving related person transactions.
Effective upon the Closing, the Board appointed Messrs. Stream, Fletcher and LeBlanc as members of the Audit Committee. All members of the Audit Committee are independent within the meaning of the federal securities laws and the meaning of the Nasdaq Rules. Each member of the Audit Committee meets the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq, and the Board has determined that Mr. Stream is an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined by the applicable rules of the SEC. The Board has approved a written charter under which the Audit Committee operates. A copy of the charter is available on the Companys website.
Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things, (i) reviewing key employee compensation goals, policies, plans and programs; (ii) reviewing and approving the compensation of the Companys directors, chief executive officer and other executive officers; (iii) reviewing and approving employment agreements and other similar arrangements between the Company and the Companys executive officers; and (iv) administering the Companys stock plans and other incentive compensation plans.
Effective upon the Closing, the Board appointed Messrs. LeBlanc and Stream as members of the Compensation Committee. The Board has approved a written charter under which the Compensation Committee operates. A copy of the charter is available on the Companys website.
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for, among other things, considering and making recommendations to the Board on matters relating to the selection and qualification of directors of the Company and candidates nominated to serve as directors of the Company, as well as other matters relating to the duties of directors of the Company, the operation of the Board and corporate governance.
Effective upon the Closing, the Board appointed Messrs. Stream and Fletcher as members of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. The Board has approved a written charter under which the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee operates. A copy of the charter is available on the Companys website.
Executive Compensation
The information set forth in the sections entitled Employment Agreements and Offer Letters in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
A description of the compensation of Landcadias and Waitrs executive officers and directors before the consummation of the Business Combination is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Executive Compensation, which is incorporated herein by reference.
A description of the Companys executive compensation following the Closing is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Management After the Business Combination  Post-Combination Company Executive Compensation, which is incorporated herein by reference.
At the Special Meeting, the stockholders of the Company approved the Incentive Plan. The description of the Incentive Plan set forth in the Proxy Statement section entitled The Incentive Plan Proposal is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the full text of the Incentive Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.21 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Following the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company expects that the Board or the Compensation Committee will make grants of awards under the Incentive Plan to eligible participants.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The description of certain relationships and related transactions is included in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, which is incorporated herein by reference.
The information set forth in the sections entitled Registration Rights Agreement, Consulting Agreements and Indemnification Agreements in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
Legal Proceedings
The description of legal proceedings is included in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Information about Waitr  Legal Proceedings, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Market Price and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters
In connection with the Closing, the shares of common stock and warrants began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols WTRH and WTRHW, respectively. Landcadias units automatically separated into their component securities upon consummation of the Business Combination and, as a result, no longer trade as a separate security and were delisted from Nasdaq. As of the Closing Date there were approximately 486 holders of record of common stock.
The Company has not paid any cash dividends on its common stock to date. It is the present intention of the Company to retain any earnings for use in its business operations and, accordingly, the Company does not anticipate the Board declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
Information about unregistered sales of the Companys equity securities is set forth under Item 3.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Description of Securities
A description of the common stock, preferred stock and warrants is included in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Description of Securities, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Indemnification of Directors and Officers
The Third Amended and Restated Charter (as defined below) provides that the Companys officers and directors will be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, the Third Amended and Restated Charter provides that the Companys directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to the Company for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to the Company or its stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. The Company intends to enter into agreements with its officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in the Third Amended and Restated Charter. The Amended and Restated Bylaws (as defined below) also permit the Company to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. The Company may purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures its officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures the Company against its obligations to indemnify its officers and directors.
The information set forth in the section entitled Indemnification Agreements in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
Financial Statements, Supplementary Data and Exhibits
The information set forth under Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
