Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As of November 30, 2018, Weatherford International plc (Weatherford) has closed on the first two of a series of four closings of the previously announced sale of its land drilling rigs operations in Algeria, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, as well as two idle land rigs in Iraq, to ADES International Holding Ltd. (ADES). Weatherford received gross cash proceeds of $215.5 million in connection with the first two closings of the Kuwait and Saudi Arabia land drilling rigs operations, and the assets, liabilities of these two operations have been transferred to ADES. The closing of the sale of the land drilling rigs operations in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia included 23 drilling rigs and approximately 1,900 employees.
November
30,
2018
, Weatherford International plc (Weatherford) has closed on the first two of a series of four closings of the previously announced sale of its land drilling rigs operations in Algeria, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, as well as two idle land rigs in Iraq, to ADES International Holding Ltd. (ADES). Weatherford received gross cash proceeds of
$215.5 million
in connection with the first two closings of the Kuwait and Saudi Arabia land drilling rigs operations, and the assets, liabilities of these two operations have been transferred to ADES. The closing of the sale of the land drilling rigs operations in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia included 23 drilling rigs and approximately 1,900 employees.
This is the second in a series of four closings, the majority of which are expected to be completed by year-end 2018, subject to regulatory approvals, consents and other customary closing conditions.
The sale of the land drilling rigs operations in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia was consummated pursuant to the terms of the Sale and Purchase Agreements dated as of July 11, 2018 among a subsidiary of Weatherford and ADES, which were filed as Exhibits 10.6 and 10.7 of the Form 10-Q filed November 2, 2018 and are incorporated by reference herein.
A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 hereto.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
