Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On November 2, 2018, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Mergers were consummated and became effective as of the Effective Time. As a result of the Mergers, among other things, the Company became the ultimate parent of WRKCo, KapStone and their respective subsidiaries. The Mergers and the Merger Agreement were previously described in the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time (a) each issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of WRKCo (WRKCo common stock) was converted into one share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (Company common stock) and (b) each issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of KapStone (KapStone common stock) (other than shares of KapStone common stock owned by (i) KapStone or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) any KapStone stockholder who properly exercised appraisal rights with respect to its shares of KapStone common stock in accordance with Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law) was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive (1) $35.00 in cash, without interest (the Cash Consideration), or, at the election of the holder of such share of KapStone common stock, (2) 0.4981 shares of Company common stock (the Stock Consideration) and cash in lieu of fractional shares, subject to proration procedures designed to ensure that the Stock Consideration would be received in respect of no more than 25% of the shares of KapStone common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (the Maximum Stock Amount). Each share of KapStone common stock in respect of which a valid election of Stock Consideration was not made by 5:00 p.m. New York City time on September 5, 2018 (the Election Deadline) was converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration.
Company common stock
KapStone common stock
Cash Consideration
Stock Consideration
Maximum Stock Amount
Election Deadline
KapStone stockholders elected to receive Stock Consideration that was less than the Maximum Stock Amount and no proration was required. As a result, KapStone stockholders will receive in the aggregate approximately $3.3 billion in cash and 1,564,992 shares of WestRock common stock, which equals 0.6% of the issued and outstanding shares of WestRock common stock immediately following the Effective Time.
In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Company assumed any outstanding awards granted under the equity-based incentive plans of WRKCo and KapStone (including the shares underlying such awards), the award agreements evidencing the grants of such awards and, in the case of the WRKCo equity-based incentive plans, the remaining shares available for issuance under the applicable plan, in each case subject to adjustments to such awards in the manner set forth in the Merger Agreement.
The shares of both WRKCo common stock and KapStone common stock will be suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) prior to the open of trading on November 5, 2018. Shares of Company common stock will continue regular-way trading on the NYSE using WRKCos trading history under the ticker symbol WRK immediately following the suspension of trading of WRKCo common stock.
This Current Report on Form 8-K establishes the Company as the successor issuer to WRKCo and KapStone pursuant to Rule 12g-3(c) under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to 12g-3(d) under the Exchange Act, shares of Company common stock are deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Company hereby reports this succession in accordance with Rule 12g-3(f) under the Exchange Act. The description of Company common stock set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus is incorporated herein by reference.
The description of the Merger Agreement contained herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. This summary is not intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about the Company, WRKCo or KapStone, and should not be relied upon as disclosure about the Company, WRKCo or KapStone without consideration of the periodic and current reports and statements that the Company, WRKCo and KapStone file with the SEC. The terms of the Merger Agreement govern the contractual rights and relationships between, and allocate risks among, the parties thereto in relation to the transactions contemplated thereby. In particular, the representations and warranties made by the parties to each other in the Merger Agreement reflect negotiations between, and are solely for the benefit of, the parties thereto and may be limited or modified by a variety of factors, including: subsequent events, information included in public filings, disclosures made during negotiations among the parties, correspondence between the parties and disclosure schedules to the Merger Agreement. Accordingly, such representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs at the date they were made or at any other time and should not be relied upon as statements of fact.
The information set forth in the Explanatory Note and Item 2.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.
