Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On November 30, 2018 (the Acquisition Date), ZAGG Inc, a Delaware corporation (the Company or ZAGG), Patriot Corporation Unlimited Company, an entity registered and incorporated in Ireland and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Patriot), STRAX Holding GmbH, an entity registered and incorporated in Germany (STRAX), and Gear4 HK Limited, an entity registered and incorporated in Hong Kong and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Strax (Gear4), entered into the Share Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which Patriot acquired from Strax all of the authorized and issued equity securities of Gear4, for cash at closing equal to $32,200,000 USD, plus an amount equal to Gear4's cash balance as of the Acquisition Date, less an amount equal to Gear4's outstanding indebtedness as of the Acquisition Date, related transaction expenses, and an indemnification cash holdback of 1,500,000 EUR (the Indemnification Holdback Cash), together with up to 7,000,000 EUR of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share, valued as of the Acquisition Date (the Consideration Shares), the Indemnification Holdback Cash, and the Additional Consideration (as defined below), if any (the Purchase Price).
The Purchase Price is subject to adjustment (up or down) based on the results of the agreed audit of Gear4's actual net sales, as defined in the Purchase Agreement, for the year ended December 31, 2018. In the event Gear4s actual net sales for the year ended December 31, 2018 are equal to or exceed the estimated net sales for such period, STRAX will be entitled to receive 5,000,000 EUR of the Consideration Shares (the Adjustment Holdback Shares) from the Company and a cash payment from Patriot in US dollars equal to the amount by which such actual net sales exceeds the estimated net sales. If, however, Gear4s actual net sales for the year ended December 31, 2018 are less than the estimated net sales for such period, such shortfall shall be remedied, at STRAXs election, by either (i) STRAX making a cash payment to Patriot in the full amount of the shortfall, or (ii) the Companys obligation to issue the Adjustment Holdback Shares being reduced by the full amount of the shortfall; provided that in the event the shortfall exceeds the value of the Adjustment Holdback Shares (calculated as of the Acquisition Date), STRAX will also be required to promptly pay to Patriot in US dollars the remaining amount of such shortfall.
Under the Purchase Agreement, STRAX is also entitled to additional consideration (the Additional Consideration) from Buyer if during the 2019 financial period beginning January 1, 2019 and ending on December 31, 2019 (the Financial Period), the audited Gear4 net sales, as reported under U.S. GAAP, exceeds certain targets. Specifically, if Gear4 has audited net sales of at least $60,000,000 USD but less than $90,000,000 USD in the Financial Period, STRAX is entitled to a total $5,000,000 USD of Additional Consideration, and if Gear4 has audited net sales of at least $90,000,000 USD in the Financial Period, STRAX is entitled to a total $10,000,000 USD of Additional Consideration. Such Additional Consideration is required to be paid to STRAX no later than thirty (30) days from the later of (i) the filing of the Company's audited 2019 financial statements with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), and (ii) in the event of any objection to the Companys calculation of such Additional Consideration, final determination of the amount of such Additional Consideration in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Purchase Agreement.
The Purchase Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants and indemnification provisions whereby STRAX has agreed to indemnify, subject to certain limitations, Patriot and its affiliates (including Gear4 after closing) for certain losses, liabilities and damages. 2,000,000 EUR of the Consideration Shares and the Indemnification Holdback Cash will be retained by the Company or Patriot (as applicable) for eighteen (18) months following the Acquisition Date as security for STRAXs indemnification obligations under the Purchase Agreement.
A copy of the Purchase Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 2.1. The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference. The Purchase Agreement has been attached to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about any of the parties to the Purchase Agreement. In particular, the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement were made only for the purposes of the Purchase Agreement as of specific dates and were qualified by disclosures between the parties and a contractual standard of materiality that is different from those generally applicable to stockholders, among other limitations. The representations and warranties were made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Purchase Agreement and should not be relied upon as a disclosure of factual information relating to any of the parties to the Purchase Agreement.
The Company financed the transaction using a portion of its existing cash balance and borrowings under the Credit Agreement (as defined in Item 2.03 below).
On November 30, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing the acquisition of Gear4 and related information. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
