ITEM 2.01.
COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS
On September 30, 2018, the Predecessor completed its previously announced internal reorganization to streamline and simplify its corporate structure (the Restructuring) pursuant to which the Predecessor merged with and into the Bank, with the Bank continuing as a publicly-traded company. The Restructuring was consummated pursuant to the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 10, 2018 (the Merger Agreement), by and between the Predecessor and the Bank. The Merger Agreement was approved by the holders of the Predecessor Common Stock (as defined below) at a special meeting held on September 14, 2018.
Restructuring
) pursuant to which the Predecessor merged with and into the Bank, with the Bank continuing as a publicly-traded company. The Restructuring was consummated pursuant to the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 10, 2018 (the 
Merger Agreement
), by and between the Predecessor and the Bank. The Merger Agreement was approved by the holders of the Predecessor Common Stock (as defined below) at a special meeting held on September 14, 2018.
At the effective time of the Restructuring (the Effective Time), (i) the outstanding shares of the Predecessors common stock, without par value (the Predecessor Common Stock), Series A preferred stock, without par value, Series G preferred stock, without par value, Series H preferred stock, without par value, Series I preferred stock, without par value, and Series J preferred stock, without par value, were automatically cancelled and ceased to exist and were converted into an equal number of shares of the Banks common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Bank Common Stock), Series A preferred stock, without par value Series G preferred stock, without par value, Series H preferred stock, without par value (collectively, the Bank Series A, G and H Preferred Stock), Series I preferred stock, without par value, and Series J preferred stock, without par value, respectively, and (ii) each of the Predecessors outstanding warrants to purchase Predecessor Common Stock was converted automatically into a warrant to purchase Bank Common Stock upon the same terms applicable to the Predecessors outstanding warrants immediately prior to the Restructuring.
Effective Time
), (i) the outstanding shares of the Predecessors common stock, without par value (the 
Predecessor Common Stock
), Series A preferred stock, without par value, Series G preferred stock, without par value, Series H preferred stock, without par value, Series I preferred stock, without par value, and Series J preferred stock, without par value, were automatically cancelled and ceased to exist and were converted into an equal number of shares of the Banks common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the 
Bank Common Stock
), Series A preferred stock, without par value Series G preferred stock, without par value, Series H preferred stock, without par value (collectively, the 
Bank Series A, G and H Preferred Stock
), Series I preferred stock, without par value, and Series J preferred stock, without par value, respectively, and (ii) each of the Predecessors outstanding warrants to purchase Predecessor Common Stock was converted automatically into a warrant to purchase Bank Common Stock upon the same terms applicable to the Predecessors outstanding warrants immediately prior to the Restructuring.
In connection with the Restructuring, the Bank changed its name from ZB, National Association to Zions Bancorporation, National Association.
Upon consummation of the Restructuring, the Bank Common Stock, depositary shares representing shares of the Bank Series A, G and H Preferred Stock, the warrants to purchase Bank Common Stock and the 6.95% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due September 15, 2028 (the 2028 Notes) issued and outstanding under the Subordinated Notes Indenture (as defined below) were deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) promulgated thereunder. For purposes of Rule 12g-3(a), the Bank is the successor issuer to the Predecessor.
2028 Notes
) issued and outstanding under the Subordinated Notes Indenture (as defined below) were deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) promulgated thereunder. For purposes of Rule 12g-3(a), the Bank is the successor issuer to the Predecessor.
As a banking association organized under the laws of the United States that is not a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank will continue to be subject to regulation and supervision by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC). The Predecessor, prior to the Effective Time, was subject to regulation and supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve as a bank holding company.
OCC
). The Predecessor, prior to the Effective Time, was subject to regulation and supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve as a bank holding company.
The Bank Common Stock, as well as depositary shares representing shares of the Bank Series A, G and H Preferred Stock, the warrants to purchase Bank Common Stock and the 2028 Notes, are registered or deemed registered under the Exchange Act, which vests the OCC with the power to administer and enforce certain sections of the Exchange Act applicable to banks such as the Bank. The Bank will be required to file with the OCC annual, quarterly and current reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K required by Section 13 of the Exchange Act, proxy materials required by certain provisions of Section 14 of the Exchange Act and other business and financial information required by the Exchange Act. Additionally, the Banks executive officers and directors intend to file Section 16 forms in respect of
certain acquisitions and dispositions of Bank equity securities and will be subject to the prohibition on short-swing profits of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. The Bank intends to make such filings with the SEC as a voluntary filer following the Restructuring.
In connection with the Restructuring, as of the Effective Time, the Bank assumed all of the Predecessors rights and obligations under each of its equity incentive plans, equity compensation plans, and other compensation plans, including those in which its named executive officers may participate, and any subplans, appendices or addendums thereto (collectively, the Plans). Outstanding equity-based awards with respect to Predecessor Common Stock under the Plans were converted to equity-based awards with respect to Bank Common Stock. At the Effective Time, the Plans and award agreements governing the equity-based awards under the Plans, and any provision of any other compensatory plan, agreement or arrangement providing for the grant or issuance of shares of Predecessor Common Stock, were automatically deemed to be amended to the extent necessary or appropriate to provide that references to the Predecessor in such awards, documents and provisions will be read to refer to the Bank and references to shares of Predecessor Common Stock in such awards, documents and provisions will be read to refer to shares of Bank Common Stock.
Plans
). Outstanding equity-based awards with respect to Predecessor Common Stock under the Plans were converted to equity-based awards with respect to Bank Common Stock. At the Effective Time, the Plans and award agreements governing the equity-based awards under the Plans, and any provision of any other compensatory plan, agreement or arrangement providing for the grant or issuance of shares of Predecessor Common Stock, were automatically deemed to be amended to the extent necessary or appropriate to provide that references to the Predecessor in such awards, documents and provisions will be read to refer to the Bank and references to shares of Predecessor Common Stock in such awards, documents and provisions will be read to refer to shares of Bank Common Stock.
The Second Amended and Restated Articles of Association and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Bank as of the Effective Time are attached hereto as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and incorporated by reference herein.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated by reference herein.
ITEM 2.03.CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A REGISTRANT
