Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. manufactures biopharmaceutical products. The Company develop and distributes novel therapeutics based on the biology of hypoxia inducible factor (HIF) for patients with kidney diseases. Akebia Therapeutics serves customers in the United States.
RSI Communities RS Equity Management LLC
Global Small and Medium Sized Enterprise Incubation Listed Promotion Association Limited
Azar Computer Software Services, Inc. provides subscriber billing, management, and broadband authorization solutions for telecommunications industry. It offers CATvMaster, a subscriber billing and management software that manages the daily and periodic billing operations for small to medium-sized cable television and wireless television service providers; and DigiLink that provides tools required to interface with analog and digital addressable providers managing digital service deployment to subscribers. The company also provides CATvIP that enables CSR's to provide broadband services and exchange broadband equipment from workstations; CATvWEB that enables customers to order pay per view movies and events from the Web site; and CATv Customer Care, an online payment and customer care portal. Its solutions are licensed as a client hosted in-house solution or as an ASP solution. The company was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC provides stock transfer and employee plan services to public companies in the United States and internationally. It offers transfer agent services that include transfer agency and registrar, investment plan, closed-end mutual fund, disbursement agent, initial public offering, and shareholder services; corporate action and reorganization administration services, such as tender, paying agent, exchange agent, subscriptions, divestitures, and trustee services; and proxy and annual meeting services. The company also provides employee plan services, including stock option plans, restricted stock awards and units, performance awards, employee stock purchase plans, FAS 123 (R)/ASC 718 reporting, stock appreciation rights, and share save/SAYE; asset recovery services, which comprise escheatment and unclaimed property, lost shareholder searches, post-merger cleanups, odd-lot programs, and shareholder communications; and mutual fund proxy services. In addition, it offers investment management and debt services; ownership intelligence services that include capital markets consulting, credit markets intelligence, tax audit studies, and regulatory compliance; and communication and print services, including document creation and management, EDGAR filing, graphics and design, variable imaging and data technologies, document delivery platforms, and mutual to stock data processing and print services. Further, the company offers mutual-to-stock conversion services. Its clients range from initial public offerings to Fortune 100 companies. The company was founded in 1971 and is based in Brooklyn, New York. It has presence in Australia, Canada, India, New Zealand, South Africa, Hong Kong, and the United Kingdom. American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Link Market Services Limited.
BioTime
Great Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. provides banking solutions. Great Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. was founded in 1981 and is based in New Roads, Louisiana. TX
Cord Blood America Inc
Cabot Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg
General Cannabis Corporation provides services to the regulated cannabis industry. The Company does this through operating divisions such as security, marketing, operational consulting, apparel, wholesale supply products, real estate and financing.
Driven Deliveries Inc.
ECS Federal, LLC provides information technology services to military, federal civilian, and commercial clients. It offers cybersecurity, cloud, software and system, information technology modernization, contracting, and science and engineering services. ECS Federal, LLC was formerly known as Electronic Consulting Services, Inc. and changed its name to ECS Federal, LLC in December 2012. The company was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Fairfax, Virginia. As of April 2, 2018, ECS Federal, LLC operates as a subsidiary of ASGN Incorporated.
South Jersey Industries, Inc. is an energy services holding company. The Company provides regulated, natural gas service to residential, commercial, and industrial customers in southern New Jersey. South Jersey also markets total energy management services, including natural gas, electricity, demand-side management, and consulting services throughout the eastern United States.
Westwater Resources, Inc. explores and develops mineral resources essential to clean energy production. The Company focuses on exploration and production of lithium and uranium metals which are used in a wide range of battery and other industrial applications. Westwater Resources serves customers in the United States and Turkey.
Centerpoint Energy Midstream, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of CenterPoint Energy, Inc.
Zeus Merger Sub Inc.
TDC Communications LLC
Warner Music Group Corp. operates as a music-based content company in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Recorded Music and Music Publishing. The Recorded Music segment is involved in the discovery and development of artists, as well as the related marketing, distribution, and licensing of recorded music produced by such artists. This segment also specializes in marketing its music catalog through compilations and reissuances of previously released music and video titles. It conducts its operation primarily through a collection of record labels, such as Warner Bros. Records and Atlantic Records, as well as Asylum, Big Beat, Canvasback, East West, Elektra, Erato, FFRR, Fueled by Ramen, Nonesuch, Parlophone, Reprise, Roadrunner, Sire, Spinnin’, Warner Classics, and Warner Music Nashville. This segment markets, sells, and licenses recorded music in various physical formats, including CDs, vinyl, and DVDs; and digital formats, such as downloads and streaming. The Music Publishing segment owns and acquires rights to approximately one million musical compositions comprising pop hits, American standards, folk songs, and motion picture and theatrical compositions. Its catalog includes approximately 70,000 songwriters and composers; and a range of genres, including pop, rock, jazz, classical, country, R&B, hip-hop, rap, reggae, Latin, folk, blues, symphonic, soul, broadway, techno, alternative, and gospel. This segment also administers the music and soundtracks of various third-party television and film producers and studios; and operates production music library. The company was founded in 1929 and is headquartered in New York, New York. Warner Music Group Corp. operates as a subsidiary of AI Entertainment Holdings LLC.
Landmark Bancshares Inc.
Portfolio Of Six Wind And Solar Generation Assets In Ontario, Canada Of NextEra Energy Partners, LP comprises solar and wind electricity generating projects.
BREIT GP
Aravive, Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. The Company develops therapeutic proteins for the treatment of metabolic diseases and endocrine disorders. Aravive serves patients in the United States.
alifornia Lyon
JetPay Corporation provides debit and credit card processing, payroll, human capital management (HCM) and card services to businesses and their employees in the United States. The company operates through two segments, Payment Services and HR and Payroll Services. It offers debit and credit processing and automated clearing house payment services to small and medium-sized businesses, as well as to large entities, which processes Internet transactions and recurring billings; and HCM services, including payroll, tax filing, time and attendance, HR, and other related services to small and medium-sized employers. The company also provides transaction processing services, such as end-to-end encryption and tokenization; high speed network and authorization; batch processing; gift cards; fraud protection; and Website or payment application services; and MAGIC, a payments gateway that provides real-time integrated solutions to merchants. In addition, it provides low-cost money management and payment services to unbanked and under-banked employees through prepaid debit cards. The company was formerly known as Universal Business Payment Solutions Acquisition Corporation and changed its name to JetPay Corporation in August 2013. JetPay Corporation is headquartered in Allentown, Pennsylvania.
Boyd TCV, LP operates as a subsidiary of Boyd Gaming Corporation.
Walker Lane Exploration, Inc. is a early-stage exploration company. The Company gold and silver prospects within the United States.
IVG Holdings S Corporation
Merit Medical Systems, Inc., Malvern Division, a medical device company, engages in the design, development, manufacture, and sale of Class II and Class III single-use medical devices for OEM customers in the United States and internationally. The company focuses on catheter based vascular access and vascular device delivery medical devices for diagnostic and therapeutic procedures in cardiac rhythm management, electrophysiology, interventional cardiology, and interventional radiology markets. Its products include a splittable hemostatic introducer system; a fixed curve braided transseptal sheath system; and a transseptal needle. The company’s products are used by electrophysiologists, interventional cardiologists, and radiologists. It distributes its medical devices through partners. Merit Medical Systems, Inc., Malvern Division was formerly known as Thomas Medical Products, Inc. As a result of the acquisition of Thomas Medical Products, Inc. by Merit Medical Systems, Inc., its name was changed. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Malvern, Pennsylvania. As of December 19, 2012, Merit Medical Systems, Inc., Malvern Division operates as a subsidiary of Merit Medical Systems, Inc.
Ocean Bio Chem Inc
TB Acquisition LLC
VOG Palo Verde LP was incorporated in 2017 and is based in New York, New York.
Intelligent Product Solutions Inc designs and develops software applications, UX/UI, industrial design, IoT systems, and mechanical and electrical engineering products. The company’s specialties include wearables, medical devices, smart displays and vending, security screening, home security, and energy storage products. It also develops consumer and enterprise, mobile, experience design, and platforms and expertise applications. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in Hauppauge, New York. Intelligent Product Solutions Inc operates as a subsidiary of Forward Industries, Inc.
THL Equity Fund VIII Investors (PB), LLC was incorporated in 2018 and is based in the United States.
1911 Trust Company, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. It also provides estate planning and tax services. The firm provides its services to individuals and families. It manages separate client focused accounts. The firm invests in the alternative asset markets. 1911 Trust Company, LLC is based in Beverly, Massachusetts.
MeridianRx, LLC provides pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) technology solutions. Its meridianrx live integrated network (MERLIN) provides users with custom reporting tools, live system access, and secure web-based portals. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Detroit, Michigan. As of September 4, 2018, MeridianRx, LLC operates as subsidiary of The WellCare Management Group, Inc.
Independent Bank Corp. (Hanover, Massachusetts) is based in Hanover, Massachusetts. Independent Bank Corp. (Hanover, Massachusetts) operates as a subsidiary of Independent Bank Corp.
American Lorain Corporation
CNX Gathering LLC
Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings, LLC, through its interest in Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P., develops, constructs, owns, and operates liquefied natural gas (LNG) regasification facilities at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal located on the Sabine-Neches Waterway. It also owns a 94-mile pipeline, which interconnects the Sabine Pass LNG terminal with various interstate pipelines. The company was founded in 2013 and is based in Houston, Texas. Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings, LLC is a subsidiary of Cheniere Energy, Inc.
Hometown Bancshares, Inc. (Corbin, KY) operates as a bank holding company. The company is based in Corbin, Kentucky.
Mountain Merger Sub Corporation
Commercial Engineers & Body Builders Company Ltd. builds truck and locomotive bodies. The Company produces dump truck, tanker, cargo box, skip-loader, garbage, troop carrier, prison van, fire engine and ambulance bodies, and locomotive, boxcar and passenger coach bodies.
Humilis Holdings Private Equity LP
Aetna Inc. operates as a health care benefits company in the United States. It operates through three segments: Health Care, Group Insurance, and Large Case Pensions. The Health Care segment offers medical, pharmacy benefit management service, dental, behavioral health, and vision plans on an insured and employer-funded basis. It also provides point-of-service, preferred provider organization, health maintenance organization, and indemnity benefit plans, as well as health savings accounts and consumer-directed health plans. In addition, this segment offers Medicare and Medicaid products and services, as well as other medical products, such as medical management and data analytics services, medical stop loss insurance, workers’ compensation administrative services, and products that provide access to its provider networks in select geographies. The Group Insurance segment offers life insurance products, including group term life insurance, voluntary spouse and dependent term life insurance, group universal life insurance, and accidental death and dismemberment insurance; disability insurance products; and long-term care insurance products, which provide the benefits to cover the cost of care in private home settings, adult day care, assisted living, or nursing facilities. The Large Case Pensions segment manages various retirement products comprising pension and annuity products primarily for tax-qualified pension plans. The company provides its products and services to employer groups, individuals, college students, part-time and hourly workers, health plans, health care providers, governmental units, government-sponsored plans, labor groups, and expatriates. Aetna Inc. was founded in 1853 and is based in Hartford, Connecticut. As of November 28, 2018, Aetna Inc. operates as a subsidiary of CVS Pharmacy, Inc.
WMIH
FEDERATED NATIONAL HOLDING Co
Vertuous Canada and Pattern Energy Group LP
Planet Green Holdings Corp
Specialty Surgical Instrumentation Inc. manufactures medical devices. The company was founded in 1976 and is based in Antioch, Tennessee. Specialty Surgical Instrumentation Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Symmetry Surgical Inc.
BioVie Inc. is a developmental stage nano-biotechnology company. The Company discovers, develops, and distributes new classes of broad spectrum antibiotics for gram-negative and gram-positive bacterial infections.
Platinum Tax Defenders, LLC provides tax resolution, bookkeeping, and tax preparation and relief services for individuals and businesses. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Simi Valley, California. As of July 30, 2018, Platinum Tax Defenders, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Cardiff Lexington Corporation.
Identiv, Inc. develops and manufactures physical access control, identity management, and radio frequency identification systems. The Company's products are used in corporate employee identification (ID) cards, company email, information technology networks and facility access control, in national ID cards and passports, transport passes, banking and other uses.
NHIP II Bayonne Holdings LLC was incorporated in 2018 and is based in New York, New York.
AT&T
Scripps Networks Interactive Inc
Fresh Park Venlo B.V. grows and markets fruits and vegetables in the Netherlands. The company was formerly known as ZON Fresh Park and changed its name in 2009. The company was founded in 2000 and is based in Venlo, Netherlands. Fresh Park Venlo B.V. operates as a subsidiary of Coöperatieve Veiling Zuidoost-Nederland U.A.
AvComm and Wireless Test and Measurement businesses of Cobham plc
Voltari Corporation provides mobile data solutions to wireless service carriers. The Company offers mobile merchandising, marketing management, web portals, application framework, and advertising solutions. Voltari serves mobile operators, brands and advertising agencies around the world.
CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORP DE
DNFC LLC
National Energy Services Reunited Corp. provides oilfield services. The Company offers cementing, coiled tubing, filtration, stimulation, fracturing, directional drilling, testing, wireline logging, and rig services. National Energy Services Reunited serves serves customers worldwide.
Key Outdoor Inc. provides outdoor advertising billboard services to local, regional, and national advertisers in the United States. The company was founded in 1977 and is based in Bourbonnais, Illinois.
MPLX Logistics Holdings LLC was formerly known as Marathon Petroleum Logistics Holdings LLC. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Findlay, Ohio. MPLX Logistics Holdings LLC operates as a subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum Corporation.
Krausz Industries Development Ltd
NorthStar Real Estate Income II Inc
Advanced Energy Industries, Inc., Shanghai operates as a subsidiary of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc.
BPG OCOEE 1 LLC
Dover Corporation manufactures industrial products and manufacturing equipments. The Company's products includes printing, identification, marking and coding systems, waste handling, industrial equipments, refrigeration systems, display cases, industrial pumps, fuel dispensers, nozzles, piping, and electronic tank gauge equipments. Dover serves customers worldwide.
Dobson Technologies Transport and Telecom Solutions LLC
New Age Health Sciences Holdings Inc.
Stamps.com Inc. provides a service for purchasing and printing postage over the Internet. The Company enables users to print information based indicia and electronic stamps directly onto envelopes, labels, and business documents using laser and inkjet printers.
California Sullivans Inc.
Central Steel and Wire Company distributes processed and unprocessed ferrous and nonferrous metals in the Midwest. The company offers structural steel products, including angles and channels, bar angles and channels, bar tees, I beams, MC channels, rails, and wide flange beams; and steel plates. It also provides steel sheets and coils, such as abrasion resistant, coated, cold rolled, CQ 1050, HSLA, low carbon commercial and structural, and spring steel sheets; coated, cold rolled, HSLA, and low carbon commercial coils; and cold rolled DSAK coils and sheets. In addition, the company offers hot rolled and cold finished carbon, and alloy steel bars; steel tubes and pipes; stainless steel angles, bars, coils, pipes, plates, sheets, and tubes; and aluminum bus bars, bars, coils, extrusions, pipes, plates, shapes, sheets, structural products, tubes, and wires. Further, it provides copper and brass bars, coils, pipes, plates, sheets, tubing products, and wires; and bronze bars, bushings, coils, plates, sheets, and tubing products. Additionally, the company offers floor and safety products comprising alum expanded metals, expanded steel gratings, floor plates, gratings, Morton safety products, steel expanded metals, and tread plates; round drill rods; and aluminum, brass, copper, and steel flat and round wires, as well as steel strappings. The company serves mining and construction, fabricator, electrical equipment, lawn/garden equipment, appliance and food service, industrial machinery, agriculture, machine and job shop, automotive and truck, material handling, energy, fitness and recreational, waste handling, medical equipment, and service center industries. Central Steel and Wire Company was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. As of July 2, 2018, Central Steel and Wire Company operates as a subsidiary of Joseph T. Ryerson & Son, Inc.
Kendall College, LLC is an educational institution that offers undergraduate degrees in business, culinary arts, early childhood education, and hospitality management. The institution was founded in 1934 and is based in Chicago, Illinois. As of July 16, 2008, Kendall College operates as a subsidiary of Laureate Education Inc.
P Energy E&P Company L.P.
Brunswick Corporation
AGC Inc
StockCross Financial Services, Inc. operates as a financial services company. It offers online trading and money management services, as well as engages in the execution and trading of foreign and domestic equity orders; investment research of various asset classes, including equities, convertible bonds, and corporate bonds; and foreign security and currency settlements. The company also provides portfolio analysis, money markets and CD's, bonds, IRA, mutual funds, new issues, unit investment trusts, and managed money advisory services. It offers services in the areas of preferred and convertible securities, distressed equities, distressed/bankruptcies, rare bank stocks, and rare and inactive securities, as well as special purpose acquisition companies. The company serves individuals, institutions, broker dealers, and asset managers. StockCross Financial Services, Inc. was formerly known as Stockcross, Inc. and changed its name in 2002. StockCross Financial Services, Inc. was founded in 1971 and is based in Beverly Hills, California.
CAPAX INC
SpringCM Inc. develops and delivers cloud-based document management software. It offers contract management system application that lets the client to streamline the contract lifecycle from contract creation through negotiation, approvals, signature, archiving, and renewals; a digital asset management system to automate various processes and workflows around managing content, share, and collaborate; and a software application that enables customers to manage sales quotes, proposals, and contracts generated with configuration price quote software. The company offers its solutions to store, organize, and make content easier to search and find; and share and collaborate inside or outside the organization. It also offers consulting, training, and support services. The company’s software is deployed as Software-as-a-Service and is available on Web browser from any device or application, including mobile. It offers its software for financial services providers, legal firms, advertisement agencies and media companies, and the public sector. SpringCM Inc. was formerly known as DocExchange, Inc. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. As of September 4, 2018, SpringCM Inc. operates as a subsidiary of DocuSign, Inc..
CTI
Axos Financial Inc
AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. provides property and casualty insurance in the United States and internationally. The company operates in three segments: Small Commercial Business, Specialty Risk and Extended Warranty, and Specialty Program. The Small Commercial Business segment offers workers’ compensation insurance products; and commercial package, and other property and casualty insurance products, such as commercial property, general liability, inland marine, employment practices liability, commercial automobile, and umbrella coverage to small businesses. The Specialty Risk and Extended Warranty segment provides custom designed coverages, such as accidental damage plans, mechanical breakdown protection, and payment protection plans in connection with the sale of consumer and commercial goods; and coverage for niche property, casualty, and specialty liability risks comprising general liability, employers’ liability, and professional and medical liability. The Specialty Program segment offers workers’ compensation, general liability, commercial auto liability, property coverage, excess and surplus lines programs, and other specialty commercial property and casualty insurance products to small and middle market companies. The company also provides reinsurance services primarily for personal and commercial automotive business. It distributes its policies third-party brokers, agents, retailers, or administrators. AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. was founded in 1998 and is based in New York, New York. As of November 29, 2018, AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. was taken private. Inc
Coeur Mining, Inc. operats as a mining company. The Company explores, develops, operates, and owns silver and gold mining properties. Coeur Mining serves customers globally.
Keppel-KBS Westpark LLC
Steadfast Income REIT, Inc. is a real estate investment trust that was formed to acquire and operate a diverse portfolio of real estate investments focused primarily on the multifamily sector, including stable, income-producing and value-added properties. Steadfast Income REIT, Inc. is sponsored by Steadfast REIT Investments, LLC, an affiliate of Steadfast Companies, an Orange County, California-based group of affiliated real estate investment and operating companies that acquire, develop and manage real estate in the U.S. and Mexico.
Naked Brand Group, Inc. manufactures underwear products. The Company offers boxers, boxer briefs, briefs, and men's undershirts.
CSPI LTD
Klondex Mines Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, acquires, explores, develops, and produces mineral properties in the United States and Canada. It primarily explores for gold and silver deposits. The company holds 100% interests in the Fire Creek mine covering approximately 19,000 acres located in Lander County; the Midas mine and ore milling facility covering approximately 30,000 acres situated in Elko County; and the Hollister mine approximately 18,000 acres located in Elko County. It also has 100% interests in the True North gold mine and mill covering approximately 39,868 hectares situated in Manitoba, Canada; and the Aurora mine and ore milling facility covering approximately 5,004 contiguous acres located in Nevada, as well as in the Ogama-Rockland property in Manitoba, Canada. The company was formerly known as Attila Resources Limited and changed its name to Klondex Mines Ltd. in October 1974. Klondex Mines Ltd. was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Reno, Nevada. As of July 20, 2018, Klondex Mines Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Hecla Mining Company.
Invesque and Invesque Holdings LP
Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (“BREIT” or the “Company”) was formed on November 16, 2015 as a Maryland corporation and qualified as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2017. The Company invests primarily in stabilized income-oriented commercial real estate in the United States and to a lesser extent, in Real Estate-Related Securities. The Company is the sole general partner of BREIT Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“BREIT OP”). BREIT Special Limited Partner L.P. (the “Special Limited Partner”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Blackstone Group L.P. (together with its affiliates, “Blackstone”), owns a special limited partner interest in BREIT OP. Substantially all of the Company’s business is conducted through BREIT OP. The Company and BREIT OP are externally managed by BX REIT Advisors L.L.C. (the “Adviser”), an affiliate of Blackstone.
Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. is an ad tech company focusing on connecting Fans (consumers) and Brands through Online, Social and Mobile Platforms. Mobiquity attempts to revolutionize location-based mobile marketing platforms by creating a Universal Location Based Mobile Marketing Ecosystem through a single platform.
Granite Construction Incorporated is a heavy civil construction and transportation contractor serving both public and private sector clients. The Company concentrates on infrastructure projects, including the construction of roads, bridges, dams, tunnels, mass transit facilities, and airports. Granite also performs site preparation services for the private sector.
SP Investor Holdings LLC
Volt Merger Sub
Starbucks Corporation retails, roasts, and provides its own brand of specialty coffee. The Company operates retail locations worldwide and sells whole bean coffees through its sales group, direct response business, supermarkets, and on the world wide web. Starbucks also produces and sells bottled coffee drinks and a line of ice creams.
Emclaire Financial Corp. is the holding company for The Farmers National Bank of Emlenton. The Bank operates as a full-service community bank, offering a variety of financial services, including accepting time and demand deposits and originating secured and unsecured commercial and consumer loans.
Park Electrochemical Corp. is a global advanced materials company. The Company develops and manufactures high-technology digital and RF/microwave printed circuit materials principally for the telecommunications and internet infrastructure and high-end computing markets and advanced composite materials, parts and assemblies for the aerospace markets.
CNX Gas Company LLC produces, markets, and sells coal bed methane and gas. The company produces and distributes natural gas. It also offers drilling services. The company was incorporated in 2001 and is based in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania. CNX Gas Company LLC operates as a subsidiary of CNX Resources Corporation.
IVED
Excel Corporación is a private equity firm. The firm was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Spain.
Xspand Products Lab Inc
Vista Outdoor Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets consumer products in the outdoor sports and recreation market. The Company has spun-off Alliant Techsystems Inc. Vista Outdoor operates in the United States.
Everbridge, Inc. operates as an enterprise software company. The Company provides applications that automate the delivery of critical information to help keep people safe and businesses running. Everbridge offers a software-as-a-service platform that deliver messaging to a large group of people during critical situations.
Zenergy Brands, Inc. operates as a technology firm engaged in energy and utilities space. The Company provides building automation systems, retail energy, and energy conservation solutions to commercial and industrial users. Zenergy Brands serves energy industry in the United States.
Vulcan Global, LLC was incorporated in 2011 and is based in the United States.
Hammer Fiber Optics Holdings Corp. operates as an investment holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, specializes in the financing and development of fiber and wireless broadband based assets. Hammer Fiber Optics Holdings serves customers in the United States.
Christopher Headrick
Meter Readings Holding Group, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Hubbell Incorporated.
Covia Holdings Corp
Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc., an exploration and production company, engages in the acquisition, development, exploitation, and operation of oil and natural gas properties in the United States Gulf Coast region. It primarily operates properties offshore on the Gulf of Mexico Shelf, as well as onshore in Louisiana and Texas. As of December 31, 2017, the company had total proved reserves of 88.2 million barrel of oil equivalent; and operated or had an interest in 577 gross producing wells on 421,974 net developed acres, including interests in 55 producing fields. Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas. As of October 18, 2018, Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of MLCJR LLC.
WorldPay US, Inc. provides local in-store, online, and mobile payment acceptance solutions for the U.S.-based merchants. Its solutions include card terminals, MOTO/virtual terminal, mobile payments, and integrated cash register systems; and card payments over the telephone or by mail order; and mid-market ecommerce and small business online solutions. The company also provides value added services, such as equipment replacement and supplies, gift cards, loyalty cards, security, EMV, working capital, and QuickBooks plug-in; and multi-location and face to face services that include direct debit, online chargeback monitoring, payment types, service, security, and mobile payments. In addition, it offers online solutions, which include card payments, alternative payments, fraud and risk management, mobile payments, treasury services, gateway services, data and analytics, and optimization; and ecommerce solutions to airlines, digital content, gambling, retail, travel, and video games industries. WorldPay US, Inc. was formerly known as RBS WorldPay, Inc. and changed its name to WorldPay US, Inc. in December, 2010. The company was founded in 1989 and is based in Atlanta, Georgia. WorldPay US, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Worldpay Group plc.
Adtalem Global Education Inc. owns and manages higher education institution. The Institution offers undergraduate and graduate programs in healthcare, law, business management, engineering and technology, sciences, liberal and media arts, and nursing. Adtalem Global Education serves students worldwide.
L.L.C.
Annaly Capital Management, Inc. is a capital manager that invests in and finances residential and commercial assets. The company's principal business objective is to generate net income for distribution to its stockholders through capital preservation, prudent selection of investments, and continuous management of its portfolio. The company operates as a REIT.
Markit North America, Inc. provides asset pricing, forecasting, and research services to financial sector. The company was incorporated in 2000 and is based in New York, New York. Markit North America, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of IHS Markit Ltd.
Pivot Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a biopharmaceutical research company. The Company focuses on the development and repositioning of existing drugs to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Pivot Pharmaceuticals conducts business in Canada.
Taylor Morrison Homes Corporation operates as a homebuilder. The Company builds single-family detached and attached homes, as well as develops lands which includes lifestyle and master planned communities. Taylor Morrison Homes serves customers in the United States.
Waves Merger Sub I Inc
Legacy Reserves Inc. operates as an energy company. The Company focuses on development, production, and acquisition of oil and natural gas properties. Legacy Reserves serves customers in the United States.
B4MC GOLD MINES INC
Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. develops, markets, and distributes better-for-you snack products in North America and internationally. The company provides ready-to-eat popcorn in various flavors, including original, white cheddar, sea salt and black pepper, naturally sweet, dusted dark chocolate, and jalapeño, as well as microwaveable popcorn and popcorn cakes under the SkinnyPop brand name; kettle cooked potato chips or crisps, vegetable crisps, premium popcorn, and tortilla chips under the Tyrrells brand name; and tortilla chips in sea salt delights, nacho cheese especial, wild wild ranch, roasted jalapeño, grilled habanero, cool salsa verde, and haunted ghost pepper flavors under the Paqui brand name. It also offers protein snack bars; and BFY cookies in peanut butter, chocolate chip, and white chocolate macadamia flavors under the Oatmega brand, as well as protein bars for kids in chocolate chip, chocolate peanut butter, cinnamon roll and peanut, and butter and jelly flavors under the Oatmega Kids brand name. In addition, the company provides a range of corn, potato, and vegetable chips under the Thomas Chipman brand name; and snacks for health-conscious consumer, including popcorn and legume based chips under the Wholesome Food Company brand name. Further, it offers hand cooked potato chips under the Lisa's Chips, Lisa's Organic Chips, 3 Länder Chips, and Mr. Jo's brand names. The company offers its products through direct sales in combination with sales brokerage firms; and natural and conventional grocery, drug, convenience, club, food service, mass merchandise, and independent food distributor channels, as well as over the Internet through third-party Websites. The company was formerly known as TA Holdings 1, Inc. and changed its name to Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. in June 2015. Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas. As of January 31, 2018, Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of The Hershey Company.
Viavi Solutions Inc. provides network and service enabling solutions and optical products. The Company offers installation, commissioning, scripting, custom analytics, integration, business intelligence consulting, operational assistance, field and lab testing, technical training, maintenance, and support services. Viavi Solutions serves customers worldwide.
NeoGenomics, Inc. operates a network of clinical laboratories that specializes in cancer genetics diagnostic testing services. The Company's services include cytogenetics, fluorescence in-situhybridization (FISH), flow cytometry, morphology, anatomic pathology, and molecular genetic testing. NeoGenomics serves pathologists, oncologists, urologists, and hospitals.
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company researches and develops specialized therapeutics for the treatment of diseases caused by antibodies. The Company is developing products to treat autoimmune conditions such as lupus and antibody-mediated stroke.
Enable GP, LLC operates as a general partner for Enable Midstream Partners, LP, which owns, operates, and develops natural gas and crude oil infrastructure assets in the United States. The company is based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Charles River Laboratories International Inc., Asset Management Arm is a privately owned investment manager.
Norma Investments Limited
Bain Capital Private Equity, LP is a private equity and venture capital firm specializing in investments in buyouts, expansion financing for growing companies, early stage venture, leveraged acquisitions, middle market, growth capital investments, going private transactions, industry consolidations, special situations, turnaround, joint ventures, and corporate divestitures. The firm seeks to invest in power generation, software, database development and management, direct marketing, dining, financial services, credit services, telecommunication services, information technology; including services, information data, hardware, and internet, broadcasting, media, healthcare, including devices/equipment, distribution/information providers, other medical products, industrial and manufacturing including, automotive, steel and non-ferrous metals, industrial equipment, engineered components, and business services; retail and consumer products including, traditional retailers, on-line merchandising, food and restaurants, and consumer services; and financial including banking, credit cards, insurance, mortgage, brokerage, exchanges, transaction processing, infrastructure, energy, education, materials, industrials, consumer discretionary, utilities, and food production sectors. Within life sciences, the firm seeks to invest in biopharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, medical device, diagnostics, and enabling life science technology companies globally. The firm focuses on global investments in companies based in North America; Europe with a focus on Western Europe, France, and Benelux (Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg); Asia with a focus on China, India, and Japan and lesser emphasis on Southeast Asia, Korea, and Australia. It seeks to invest between $5 million and $1 billion in companies having enterprise values between ¥30,000 million ($250.93 million) and ¥100,000 million ($836.46 million). In China, the fund seeks to invest in early stage companies and take majority and minority stakes. Within Japan, the fund prefers to invest in buyouts of mature middle-market companies or divisions and subsidiaries of corporations looking to divest. It prefers to take a Board seat in its portfolio companies. Bain Capital Private Equity, LP was founded in 1984 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts with additional offices in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. It operates as a subsidiary of Bain Capital, LLC.
Pegasus Real Estate Investment Group, LLC was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida.
Campbell and Twist Merger Sub Inc
Linde Public Limited Company operates as a chemical company. The Company produces and distributes industrial gases, as well as provides engineering services. Linde serves customers worldwide.
Agrium Inc. retails various agricultural products and services in the United States, Canada, Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and Uruguay. The company operates through Retail and Wholesale business units. The Retail business unit markets crop nutrients, crop protection products, seeds, and merchandise products, as well as provides application, financial, and other agronomic services through approximately 1,500 retail locations. The Wholesale business unit manufactures, mines, and markets a range of crop nutrients, including nitrogen-based, potash, and phosphate-based crop nutrient products; and produces ammonium sulfate products and Environmentally Smart Nitrogen polymer-coated nitrogen crop nutrients, as well as purchases and resells crop nutrient products. The company was incorporated in 1992 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada. Agrium Inc. is a subsidiary of Nutrien Ltd.
Northwest Pipe Company
HPQ Co
AIMCO Properties, L.P. is a real estate investment trust. It invests in real estate markets of United States. The firm engages in ownership, management and redevelopment of quality apartment communities located in the largest coastal and job growth markets in the United States. AIMCO Properties was founded in 1994 and is based in Denver, Colorado. AIMCO Properties LP operates as a subsidiary of Apartment Investment and Management Company.
Conitex Sonoco (BVI), Ltd. manufactures paper-based cones and tubes used in the textile industry. The company was founded in 1998 and is based in British Virgin Islands. Conitex Sonoco (BVI), Ltd. operates as a former subsidiary of Texpack Investments, Inc. As of October 1, 2018, Conitex Sonoco (BVI), Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Sonoco International (BVI), Inc.
President Chain Store Corporation
CNX Resources Corporation
CYS
Rafael Holdings Inc owns a commercial real estate business and has interest in pharmaceutical companies.
Boyd Gaming Corporation
Ferrellgas, L.P. distributes propane and related equipment primarily in the United States. It serves residential, industrial/commercial, portable tank exchange, agricultural, wholesale, and other customers in 50 states, as well as the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. Ferrellgas, Inc. operates as a general partner of Ferrellgas, L.P. The company was founded in 1994 and is based in Overland Park, Kansas. Ferrellgas, L.P. is a subsidiary of Ferrellgas Partners, L.P.
Pivotal Williston Basin II, LP engages in the production of oil and gas. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in the United States. Pivotal Williston Basin II, LP operates as a subsidiary of Pivotal Petroleum Partners LP.
PGT Innovations, Inc. produces building products. The Company offers windows, doors, and other related products. PGT Innovations serves customers worldwide.
Valley Forge Convention Center Partners, LP operates Valley Forge Casino Resort, a casino and gaming resort. The company offers business center, fitness center, health spa, nightclubs, banquet, and on-site restaurants and lounges. It also provides wedding reception services. Valley Forge Convention Center Partners, LP is based in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. As of September 17, 2018, Valley Forge Convention Center Partners, LP operates as a subsidiary of Boyd Gaming Corporation.
K2M Group Holdings, Inc., a medical device company, provides spine and minimally invasive solutions in the United States and internationally. The company offers implants, disposables, and instruments primarily to hospitals for use by spine surgeons to treat spinal pathologies, such as deformity, trauma, and tumor. Its complex spine products include EVEREST, MESA, and MESA 2 deformity spinal systems; NILE alternative and proximal fixation spinal systems; MESA rail deformity spinal systems; Cricket spinal correction rod reduction instrumentation; CAPRI corpectomy cage systems; MESA small stature, rail small stature, and mini spinal systems; SERENGETI complex spine minimally invasive retractor systems; RAVINE complex spine lateral access systems; SANTORINI corpectomy cage systems; YUKON OCT spinal systems; and PALO ALTO cervical static corpectomy cage systems. The company’s minimally invasive surgery products consist of EVEREST minimally invasive spinal and XT spinal, SERENGETI minimally invasive retractor, MOJAVE PL 3D expandable interbody, RAVINE lateral access, CASCADIA lateral 3D interbody, ALEUTIAN lateral interbody, and TERRA NOVA minimally invasive access systems. In addition, its degenerative spine products comprise EVEREST degenerative spinal, CASCADIA and ALEUTIAN interbody, SAHARA AL expandable stabilization, RHINE cervical disc, CHESAPEAKE interbody, PYRENEES cervical plate, and BLUE RIDGE hybrid cervical plate systems. Further, the company provides Balance ACS, a platform that includes tools to assist surgeons with obtaining authorization from healthcare insurers. K2M Group Holdings, Inc. markets and sells its products through direct sales employees, independent sales agencies, and distributor partners. The company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Leesburg, Virginia. As of November 9, 2018, K2M Group Holdings, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Stryker Corporation.
HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORP WA
EPOINT Payment Corp
ERBA Diagnostics, Inc. develops, manufactures, and markets test kits, laboratory instruments, and raw materials such as antigens. The Company's products perform diagnostic tests for the detection of disease. ERBA's products are sold to hospitals and clinical laboratories.
Milstein Entertainment LLC owns and operates gambling facilities. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Northfield, Ohio.
Gemini German Minority Holdco S. r.l.
Concho Resources Inc. acquires, develops, and explores for oil and natural gas properties. The Company operates in the Permian Basin area of Southeast New Mexico and West Texas.
Mozy, Inc. provides online back up and data access solutions for home and business environments in the United States and internationally. It offers MozyHome, a solution for non-commercial backup of clients’ personal files, including music, photos, home videos, and personal tax records; MozyPro software that protects business servers, laptops, and desktops; Mozy Stash, a file synchronization solution that enables users to keep their active data up to date; MozyEnterprise that offers IT controls for larger organizations; and applications for Android, iPhone, and iPad devices. The company offers its solutions through resellers. Mozy, Inc. was formerly known as Berkeley Data Systems Inc. and changed its name to Mozy, Inc. in April 2007. The company was founded in 2005 and is based in Seattle, Washington with additional offices in Pleasant Grove, Utah; London, United Kingdom; Cork, Ireland; and Shanghai, China. As of March 19, 2018, Mozy, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Carbonite, Inc.
Elevated Portfolio Holdings, LLC offers an online education platform catering to health and wellness practitioners. The company is based in Frisco, Texas.
Upland Software Inc provides cloud-based enterprise work management software. The Company offers software applications that enable organizations to plan, manage and execute projects and work.
Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. The Company researches in RNA-targeted drug discovery and development that focuses on drugs for patients who have unmet medical needs. Ionis Pharmaceuticals serves customers in the United States.
Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation, Non-Performing Assets comprises non-performing assets of Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation.
Perspecta Trust LLC operates as a trust and offers trust, investment, and business services. The company was formerly known as Latona Trust LLC and changed its name to Perspecta Trust LLC in April 2007. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in Hampton, New Hampshire.
Cannae Holdings, Inc. engages in the restaurant business. It owns and operates the O'Charley's, Ninety Nine, Village Inn, and Bakers Square restaurants; and food service concepts, as well as its Legendary Baking bakery. The company offers a range of services and software to employers, such as payroll, payroll related tax filing, human resource information systems, employee self-service, time and labor management, employee assistance and work-life programs, and recruitment and applicant screening. It provides Dayforce, a cloud solution that meets HCM needs with one employee record and one user experience throughout the application. Cannae Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 2017 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Aegis was incorporated in 2010 and is based in Ecully, France.
Blind Faith Concepts Inc
RW Holdings NNN REIT, Inc. is a Maryland corporation that has elected to qualify as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes. As of December 31, 2018, the Company owned (i) 24 operating properties, (ii) one parcel of land which currently serves as an easement to one of its office properties, (iii) an approximate 72.7% tenant-in-common interest in an office property, and (iv) an approximate 4.8% interest in REIT I.
Microchip Technology Inc., Certain Mobile Touch Business Assets comprises semiconductor products, equipment and patents, and a license to intellectual property and patents related to Microchip's Mobile Touch product line.
MidAmerica Surgery Institute Properties II, LLC was founded in 2005 and is based in Kansas City, Missouri.
VF
Property Located At 151 East 86th Street, New York comprises a real estate property and intends to be converted to a high rise multi use property. The property is located in New York, New York.
Time Warner Inc., ESOP is a is a principal investment firm.
Driven Acquisition Corp.
SCVNGR, Inc., doing business as LevelUp, provides mobile diner engagement and payment solutions for national and regional restaurant brands. The company was incorporated in 2008 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts. As of September 13, 2018, SCVNGR, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of GrubHub Holdings Inc.
Nationstar
World Professional Cabling Systems LLC
General Dynamics Corporation is a diversified defense company. The Company offers a broad portfolio of products and services in business aviation, combat vehicles, weapons systems, munitions, shipbuilding design and construction, information systems, and technologies.
Interface Europe B.V. manufactures floor covering products. The company manufactures carpet tiles, floor covering accessories, stairtreads, and bench matting, and floor runners. Interface Europe B.V. was formerly known as Interface Heuga B.V. The company is based in Scherpenzeel, the Netherlands. Interface Europe B.V. operates as a subsidiary of Interface, Inc.
Vulcan Sub Inc.
Wyndham Worldwide Operations, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Wyndham Worldwide Corporation.
Peabody Energy Corp., Coalbed Methane and Gas Interests comprises methane, natural gas and oil reserves spread over an area of approximately 860,000 acres in the Illinois Basin, West Virginia, New Mexico, and the Powder River Basin. Peabody Energy Corp. is based in St. Louis, Missouri.
ZIX Corporation provides logistical solutions for personal and corporate needs worldwide. It offers air freight, breakbulk service/project cargo, ocean freight, and event and fair trade logistics services. The company was incorporated in 1992 and is based in Coral Gables, Florida.
Hub Group, Inc. is a full-service transportation provider, offering intermodal, truck brokerage, and logistics services. The Company arranges for the movement of its customers' freight in containers and trailers over long distances. Hub Group operates through a nationwide network of hubs, located near significant concentrations of shipping customers and railheads.
NextEra Energy Partners LP owns, operates and acquires contracted clean energy projects including wind and solar.
Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on providing medicines for patients with kidney disease in the United States. It markets its lead product Auryxia (ferric citrate), an orally available, absorbable, iron-based medicine for the control of serum phosphorus levels in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) on dialysis, as well as for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adults with CKD not on dialysis. The company has strategic alliances with Japan Tobacco Inc. and Torii Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. for the development and commercialization of ferric citrate in Japan; and with Panion & BF Biotech, Inc. for the development and marketing of ferric citrate. Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. As of December 12, 2018, Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Akebia Therapeutics, Inc.
Rodin Global Property Trust, Inc. (“Rodin Global”), is a public, non-traded real estate investment trust (“REIT”) that intends to invest in and manage a diversified portfolio of income-producing net leased commercial properties located in the United States and select European countries.
Digital Turbine Media, Inc. develops and provides mobile performance solutions for developers, publishers, and advertisers in the United States and internationally. Its platform offers advertising solutions and management tools that enable to stay in control throughout campaigns; analytics and dashboards for application management; various online reporting formats; solutions to monitor campaign activity by platform, device, and region; and AppWall, a targeted application discovery tool that supports banner advertisements. The company’s platform also provides tools to monetize their advertisements; access to brands and agencies; integration methods that allow to integrate with advertisement servers; access to advertisement units; and reporting solutions that empower publishers to analyze performance while gaining insights into their optimization strategies. In addition, it offers tools that enable mobile application developers to increase revenue on Android and iOS platforms. Digital Turbine Media, Inc. was formerly known as Appia, Inc. and changed its name to Digital Turbine Media, Inc. in March 2015. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in Durham, North Carolina. It has additional offices worldwide. As of March 6, 2015, Digital Turbine Media, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Digital Turbine, Inc.
NorthStar II
ADEX Puerto Rico LLC provides wireless and wire line telecommunication services. The company is based in Alpharetta, Georgia. As of February 27, 2018, ADEX Puerto Rico LLC operates as a subsidiary of Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc.
EnerJex Resources, Inc., Lease in Franklin County comprises 24 producing oil wells which covers an area of 214-acres and is located in Kansas.
Hammond, Kennedy, Whitney & Company Inc. is a private equity firm specializing in investments in later stage, mature, management buyouts of privately owned businesses, subsidiaries, and divisions of corporations and public companies; industry consolidations; corporate divestitures; generational changes in ownership; recapitalization transactions; and growth equity investments. The firm seeks to invest in small and lower middle market companies with low risk of technological obsolescence. The firm is a generalist that seeks to invest in the medical devices; aerospace and defense; water infrastructure, oil and natural gas; telecommunication services; information technology; materials; specialty and recreational vehicles; automation processing equipment; industrial burners and combustion equipment; financials; healthcare; energy; nuclear; coal; niche manufacturing; and utility related infrastructure, with a focus on industrial manufacturing, services, consumer related and distribution companies. The firm prefers to invest in companies in Canada and United States of America. It seeks to invest from $5 million and more than $150 million in companies having an enterprise value between $10 million and $175 million. The firm seeks to invest in companies generating revenues between $20 million and $200 million, having an EBITDA between $5 million and $30 million, and having operating cash flow of at least $2 million. The platform transaction range is between $20 million to over $150 million with no minimum for add-on acquisitions. It typically makes equity investments that result in acquisition of control and does not have a minimum criterion for add-on acquisitions. It does not seek day-to-day control. Hammond, Kennedy, Whitney & Company Inc. was founded in 1903 and is based in Indianapolis, Indiana with additional offices in New York, New York; Chicago, Illinois; and Shanghai, China.
Crestmark
Hawaiian Telcom, Inc. offers local and long distance service, Internet, wireless services, and print directory and Internet directory services. The company was formerly known as Verizon Hawaii Inc. The company was incorporated in 1983 and is based in Honolulu, Hawaii. Hawaiian Telcom, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Hawaiian Telcom Communications, Inc.
Juvenescence AI Limited is a drug development and artificial intelligence company focused on ageing and age-related diseases. The company develops drugs using artificial intelligent tools and techniques. Juvenescence AI Limited was founded in 2017 and is headquartered in the United States.
Aesculap, Inc. manufactures and supplies surgical instruments, implants, and supplies. It offers bipolar forceps, aneurysm clips, cranial fixation, dura substitutes, hydrocephalus shunts, neurosurgical instruments, neuroendoscopy, and spine implants for neurosurgery applications and power systems, such as pneumatic systems for neuro and spine surgery, electric systems, and 3Ti dermatomes. The company provides surgical instruments, including cardiovascular instruments, general surgical instruments, laparoscopic instruments, neuro instruments, vessel sealers, RF generators, and retraction systems; wound closure products, including surgical sutures, mechanical sutures, tissue adhesives, hemostatic bone wax, and wound closure products for cardiovascular surgery; and drip lubricators, power systems drip lubricators, power systems oil sprays, oil sprays, and cleaners. In addition, it offers sterile processing solutions and services for instrument sterilization, such as surgical instrument and equipment repair, surgical instrument trays and instrument baskets with instrument holders for sterilization container systems, and instrument management systems; and pay-per-use programs, surgical asset management services, and instrument tracking software solutions. The company was founded in 1977 and is based in Center Valley, Pennsylvania with a distribution center in Hazelwood, Missouri. Aesculap, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Aesculap AG.
RhythmOne plc operates as an online advertising technology company that connects brands and audiences through digital advertising and content distribution primarily in the United States. The company provides RhythmMax, a platform that enables advertisers to reach and engage with their target audiences across mobile devices and screens It serves consumers, advertisers, and publishers through smartphones, tablets, other mobile devices, and computers. The company was formerly known as blinkx plc and changed its name to RhythmOne plc in June 2016. RhythmOne plc was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California. As of April 1, 2019, RhythmOne plc operates as a subsidiary of Taptica International Ltd.
GulfMark
Lola One Acquisition Corporation
AmOne
SM Acquisition Co. Inc.
Natural Resource Partners, LP provides environmental services. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Atlanta, Georgia.
Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. acquires, develops, and markets prescription products. The Company's target markets are critical care, emergency medicine, and gastroenterology.
Sullivans of North Carolina Inc.
Hecla Mining Company
Moriah Properties Limited
EG Group Limited is a holding company operating through its subsidiaries Euro Garages Limited and EFR Group BV. The company’s subsidiaries operate convenience stores based petrol station forecourts in the United Kingdom, France, and the Benelux countries. Its forecourt activities include operation bakeries, car wash, restaurants, hotels, and car rental. The company was formerly known as Intervias Group Limited and changed its name to EG Group Limited in September 2017. EG Group Limited was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Blackburn, United Kingdom.
Matrix Merger Sub
GenCanna Global Inc
Annaly Capital Management, Inc. is a capital manager that invests in and finances residential and commercial assets. The company's principal business objective is to generate net income for distribution to its stockholders through capital preservation, prudent selection of investments, and continuous management of its portfolio. The company operates as a REIT.
MTU America Inc. develops, manufactures, sells, and services engines, propulsion and drive systems, and distributed energy systems in North and Latin America. The company offers drive systems for land, marine, and rail applications, as well as plants for electric power generation. It also supplies spare parts and consumables for engines and systems; and engineered and remanufactured engines, systems, and service parts, as well as provides maintenance and service support. The company’s products are used in rail vehicles, construction equipment, commercial vessels, agricultural machines, military and governmental vessels, military vehicles, and yachts, as well as in industrial, mining, oil and gas industry, and electric power generation applications. It offers its products through dealers and distributors. MTU America Inc. was formerly known as Tognum America Inc. and changed its name to MTU America Inc. on January 9, 2014. The company was incorporated in 1978 and is based in Detroit, Michigan with sales offices in Novi, Michigan; Houston, Texas; Washington, D.C.; San Leandro, California; St. Rose, Louisiana; and Miami, Florida. It operates manufacturing facilities in Graniteville, South Carolina; and Mankato, Minnesota. MTU America Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Rolls-Royce Power Systems AG.
The Brink's Company, Natural Gas Business engages in exploration and production of natural gas. Natural Gas Business of The Brinks Co. is based in United States.
VirBELA, LLC develops and operates social virtual reality platform for business and education sector. The company was founded in 2012 and is based in La Jolla, California.
Southwestern Energy Co., Conventional Oil & Gas Assets in East Texas and Arkoma comprises oil and gas reserves. The reserves are located in the United States.
MIG Mobile Tech Berhad
MMA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC
WestRock Company provides corrugated packaging solutions. The Company offers merchandising displays, paperboard, folding cartons, kraft papers, protective packaging, and pulp. WestRock serves customers worldwide.
Humana Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a health and well-being company in the United States. The company offers medical and supplemental benefit plans to individuals. It also has contract with Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to administer the Limited Income Newly Eligible Transition prescription drug plan program; and contracts with various states to provide Medicaid, dual eligible, and long-term support services benefits. In addition, the company provides commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits comprising dental, vision, and other supplemental health and voluntary insurance benefits; financial protection products; and administrative services only products to individuals and employer groups, as well as military services, such as TRICARE South Region contract. Further, it offers pharmacy solutions, provider services, predictive modeling and informatics services, and clinical care services, such as home health and other services to its health plan members, as well as to third parties. As of December 31, 2018, the company had approximately 17 million members in medical benefit plans, as well as approximately 6 million members in specialty products. Humana Inc. was founded in 1961 and is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky.
Pitney Bowes Inc. sells, finances, rents, and services integrated mail and document management systems. The Company offers a full suite of equipment, supplies software and services for end-to-end mailstream solutions.
Voya Financial, Inc. provides retirement planning, investment, and insurance services. The Company offers asset accumulation, protection, and distribution products and services to individual and institutional customers in the United States.
Crown Holdings, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells packaging products for consumer goods through plants located in countries around the world. The Company's primary products include steel and aluminum cans for food, beverage, household, and other consumer products. Crown also provides a variety of metal caps, closures, and dispensing systems.
MVI Health Inc. designs and develops virtual reality platform for healthcare applications. The company was incorporated in 2017 and is based in Alameda, California. MVI Health Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Penumbra, Inc.
Pivotal Petroleum Partners II LP
Adobe Inc. develops, markets, and supports computer software products and technologies. The Company's products allow users to express and use information across all print and electronic media. Adobe offers a line of application software products, type products, and content for creating, distributing, and managing information.
Cincinnati Bell Inc. is a local exchange and wireless provider serving residential and business customers. The Company provides a range of telecommunications products and services to customers in Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana.
SUN BANCORP INC NJ
Interface, Inc. manufactures, markets, installs, and services products for the commercial and institutional interiors market. The Company provides modular carpet, panel fabrics for use in open plan office furniture systems, and complementary products, as well as carpet replacement, installation, and maintenance services. Interface markets its products around the world.
ASAP Property Holdings
National Commerce Corporation
KapStone
CASI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops biopharmaceutical products. The Company offers antiangiogenic solutions to cancer, cardiovascular disease, and macular degeneration. CASI Pharmaceuticals serves patients worldwide.
ETFS
New Amneal
OZOP (Guangdong) Medical Technology Co., Ltd. is based in China. The company operates as a subsidiary of Ozop Surgical Corp.
LumaSense Technology Holdings Inc.
Affinion Benefits Group LLC
Pentair
GREEN SPIRIT INDUSTRIES INC
Huen Electric Inc.
Barnwell Industries, Inc. acquires, explores, and develops oil and natural gas properties, principally in Alberta, Canada. The Company also drills water wells and repairs water pumping systems, as well as invest in real estate sector in Hawaii.
Systemax Inc
Visava Inc. is based in Simcoe, Canada. As of August 2, 2018, Visava Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Target Group Inc.
Spectra Energy Partners, LP operates as an investment arm of Spectra Energy Corp. Spectra Energy Partners, LP, through its subsidiaries, engages in the transportation of natural gas through interstate pipeline systems, and the storage of natural gas in underground facilities in the United States. As of December 31, 2007, it owned and operated 100% of the approximately 1,400-mile East Tennessee interstate natural gas transportation system that extends from central Tennessee eastward into southwest Virginia and northern North Carolina, and southward into northern Georgia; and a liquefied natural gas storage facility in Kingsport, Tennessee with working gas storage capacity of approximately 1.1 billion cubic feet (Bcf) and re-gasification capability of 150 million cubic feet per day. The company also owned a 24.5% interest in the approximate 700-mile Gulfstream interstate natural gas transportation system, which extends from Pascagoula, Mississippi, and Mobile, Alabama across the Gulf of Mexico and into Florida; a 50% interest in Market Hub, which owns and operates 2 salt cavern natural gas storage facilities, the Egan storage facility with gas capacity of approximately 20 Bcf, and the Moss Bluff storage facility with working gas capacity of 15 Bcf. The company transports and stores natural gas for local gas distribution companies, municipal utilities, interstate and intrastate pipelines, direct industrial users, electric power generators, marketers, and producers. Spectra Energy Partners (DE) GP, LP, operates as the general partner to Spectra Energy Partners, LP. The company is based in Houston, Texas.
Klondex Mines Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, acquires, explores, develops, and produces mineral properties in the United States and Canada. It primarily explores for gold and silver deposits. The company holds 100% interests in the Fire Creek mine covering approximately 19,000 acres located in Lander County; the Midas mine and ore milling facility covering approximately 30,000 acres situated in Elko County; and the Hollister mine approximately 18,000 acres located in Elko County. It also has 100% interests in the True North gold mine and mill covering approximately 39,868 hectares situated in Manitoba, Canada; and the Aurora mine and ore milling facility covering approximately 5,004 contiguous acres located in Nevada, as well as in the Ogama-Rockland property in Manitoba, Canada. The company was formerly known as Attila Resources Limited and changed its name to Klondex Mines Ltd. in October 1974. Klondex Mines Ltd. was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Reno, Nevada. As of July 20, 2018, Klondex Mines Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Hecla Mining Company.
American Electric Technologies, Inc. supplies power delivery products and services to the traditional and alternative energy industries. The Company's power delivery solutions include M&I switchgear, AC and DC variable speed drives, power control rooms (PCRs), and computer-based control and automation systems for power management.
Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. operates as a multi-bank holding company. The Banks attract deposits from the general public and use those funds to originate a variety of commercial and consumer loans. Premier Financial Bancorp operates in the States of Kentucky, Ohio, and West Virginia.
Canamex Gold Corp. operates as a mineral exploration company. The Company focuses primarily on development and production of gold. Canamex Gold serves mining industry in Canada.
Bay Bancorp Inc.
Nutriband Inc. manufactures and supplies health and pharmaceutical products. The Company offers transdermal drug delivery system to address hypertension and lipid abnormalities in the course of cardiovascular disease. Nutriband serves the healthcare sector worldwide.
MGM Elgin Sub, Inc. was founded in 2015 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada. MGM Elgin Sub, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of MGM Resorts International.
The Milford National Bank
Sunshine Financial, Inc. operates as the holding company for Sunshine Community Bank that provides various retail community banking services to individuals and businesses primarily in Leon County, Florida. The company accepts various deposit accounts, such as checking, savings, individual retirement savings, money market, term certificate, business, and demand accounts; and certificates of deposit. Its loan products include loans secured by first and second mortgages on one- to four-family residences, lot loans, and commercial real estate loans; and consumer loans, including home equity loans and lines of credit, new and used automobile loans, boat and other recreational vehicle loans, and credit card loans, as well as loans secured by savings deposits. The company also offers automobile warranty, credit life, and disability insurance products. As of December 31, 2016, the company operated five full-service branch offices. Sunshine Financial, Inc. was founded in 1952 and is headquartered in Tallahassee, Florida. As of April 1, 2018, Sunshine Financial, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of The First Bancshares, Inc.
Quality Care Properties Inc.
NorthStar I OP
Fusion Connect Inc
DataDirect Networks, Inc. provides scalable storage infrastructure for big data and cloud applications. It offers Storage Fusion Architecture, a block storage array that delivers IOPS and massive throughput; Scaler Appliances for data protection and budgetary requirements; Tintri TGC, a solution for storage management; and Web Object Scaler for massive scalability requirements of big data and to provide secure cloud collaboration, file sharing, and content distribution to users. The company also provides DirectMon, a configuration and monitoring solution; and storage enclosures. In addition, it offers planning and consulting, implementation, health check, infrastructure assessment, performance tuning, and customized professional services. The company serves cloud and web companies, energy companies, media companies, online content and social networking providers, laboratories, and service providers; and financial services, government intelligence, higher education, life sciences, manufacturing, video surveillance, and high performance cloud and grid computing industries. DataDirect Networks, Inc. has a strategic partnership with Gatan, Inc.; and SQream. DataDirect Networks, Inc. was formerly known as MegaDrive Systems, Inc. and changed its name to DataDirect Networks, Inc. in 1998. The company was founded in 1988 and is based in Santa Clara, California. It has sales offices in Brisbane, Australia; Paris, France; Düsseldorf, Germany; Dublin, Ireland; Tokyo, Japan; Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Daresbury, United Kingdom; Chatsworth, California; Colorado Springs, Colorado; and Columbia, Maryland.
Puget Sound Bancorp Inc
MNB Bancorp
BGP PA LLC
Ignite Holdco Subsidiary Inc.
PlanGrid, Inc. provides a cloud-based construction document collaboration platform that allows plans, markups, photos, and reports to be instantaneously shared with everyone on a construction project. Its platform lets contractors and architects collaborate from their desktop or mobile devices across all their project plans, specifications, photos, RFIs, and punchlists. The company’s platform is used by major construction firms. PlanGrid, Inc. was formerly known as Loupe, Inc. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in San Francisco, California. As of December 19, 2018, PlanGrid, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Autodesk, Inc.
Genesis Acquisition Holdings Corp
Image International Group, Inc. operates as a mineral development and exploration company. The Company focuses on the acquisition of gemstone and other precious metal resources. Image International Group markets the gemstones and other precious metals to retail jewelry store and gemstone outlets.
Janus Holdings Luxembourg S. r.l.
Palm Springs Inn, LLC, through its subsidiary, operates as a hotel. The company is based in Covina, California.
AV Homes, Inc. engages in the homebuilding and community development businesses in Florida, the Carolinas, Arizona, and Texas. The company is involved in the development and construction of primary residential communities for first-time and move-up buyers under the Savvy Homes, Bonterra Builders, Royal Oak Homes, and Oakdale-Hampton brands. It also engages in the development and construction of active adult communities, which are age-restricted to the age 55 and over active adult demographic, as well as in the construction and sale of residences within those communities. In addition, the company is involved in other real estate activities, such as the operation of amenities; and the sale of land for third-party development. As of December 31, 2017, it owned 4,911 developed residential lots; 2,395 partially developed residential lots; 8,776 undeveloped residential lots; and 6,980 acres of mixed-use, commercial, and industrial land. The company was formerly known as Avatar Holdings Inc. and changed its name to AV Homes, Inc. in February 2012. AV Homes, Inc. was founded in 1970 and is based in Scottsdale, Arizona. As of October 2, 2018, AV Homes, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Taylor Morrison Home Corporation.
Kosmos Energy Gulf of Mexico LLC
Minden Bancorp Inc
Harvest Oil Gas Corp
HC2 Holdings, Inc. is a diversified holding company, which seeks opportunities to acquire and grow businesses that can generate long-term sustainable free cash flow and attractive returns. HC2 has a diverse array of operating subsidiaries including Construction, Marine Services, Energy, Telecommunications, Life Sciences, Broadcasting, Insurance and Other.
Internap Corporation provides a broad range of scalable information technology infrastructure services for enterprises. The Company's services include colocation, managed hosting, optimized IP, connectivity and content delivery services.
WisdomTree Investments Inc
Spectrum Brands Legacy, Inc., a consumer products company, manufactures, markets, and distributes branded consumer products. The company supplies consumer batteries, residential locksets, residential builders’ hardware, plumbing, shaving and grooming products, personal care products, small household appliances, specialty pet supplies, personal insect repellents, and auto care products, as well as lawn and garden, and home pest control products. It offers its products under a portfolio of brands, including Rayovac, VARTA, Kwikset, Weiser, Baldwin, National Hardware, Pfister, Remington, George Foreman, Black + Decker, Tetra, Marineland, GloFish, Nature's Miracle, Dingo, 8-in-1, FURminator, IAMS and Eukanuba, Healthy-Hide, Digest-eeze, DreamBone, SmartBones, Littermaid, Spectracide, Cutter, Repel, Hot Shot, Black Flag, Liquid Fence, Armor All, STP, and A/C PRO. The company sells its products through various trade channels, including retailers, wholesalers and distributors, hearing aid professionals, construction companies, and original equipment manufacturers in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and the Asia-Pacific regions. Spectrum Brands Legacy, Inc. was formerly known as Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Spectrum Brands Legacy, Inc. in July 2018. The company was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Middleton, Wisconsin. Spectrum Brands Legacy, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.
Luccirelli & Gomez LLC
Ionix Technology, Inc., through its subsidiaries, develops, designs, manufactures, and sells lithium batteries. The Company produces batteries for lithium cell electronic bicycles, balance cars, scooters, electric vehicles, special vehicles, energy storage, and other products.
Intermex
MPLX Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 2016 and is based in Findlay, Ohio. MPLX Holdings Inc. operates as a subsidiary of MPC Investment LLC.
ADDvantage Technologies Group, Inc. operates as an electronic company. The Company offers electronics, hardware, and equipment repair services for cable television and telecommunications industries, as well as operates technical service centers and repair various brands of cable TV. ADDvantage Technologies serves customers in the Unites States.
Civista Bank provides various financial products and services for businesses, families, and individuals in Ohio. It offers checking and savings accounts; and mortgage loans, home equity lines, personal loans, commercial loans, and agricultural loans. The company also provides cash management, risk management, merchant, digital wallet, and mobile and online banking services, as well as debit and credit cards. In addition, it offers investment management services, including financial planning and portfolio management services, as well as trust services; and private banking services comprising money management and customized lending services. The company operates in 29 locations across 12 Ohio counties, including 2 loan production offices. Civista Bank was formerly known as The Citizens Banking Company and changed its name to Civista Bank in January 2015. The company was founded in 1884 and is headquartered in Sandusky, Ohio. Civista Bank is a subsidiary of Civista Bancshares, Inc.
Jinhua An Kao Power Technology Co., Ltd. manufactures electric car batteries and charging systems in China. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in Jinhua City, China. As of January 3, 2018, Jinhua An Kao Power Technology Co., Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Zhejiang Kandi Vehicles Co., Ltd.
Ergon A&E
Magnolia Oil & Gas Parent LLC
Dallas Merger Sub Inc
GreenBox POS, LLC develops software that offers payment solutions. The company was founded in 2017 and is based in San Deigo, California.
S.M. Energy Co. Ltd is based in South Korea.
Holdco
Energy Future Holdings Corp., through its subsidiaries, engages in competitive and regulated energy businesses in Texas. The company operates in two segments, Competitive Electric and Regulated Delivery. The Competitive Electric segment engages in electricity generation, wholesale energy sales and purchases, commodity risk management and trading activities, and retail electricity sales to residential and business customers. This segment owns or leases lignite/coal, nuclear, and natural gas-fueled generation facilities with a capacity of 13,772 megawatts; and purchases wind-generated electricity, as well as provides electricity and related services to approximately 1.7 million retail electricity customers. The Regulated Delivery segment transmits and distributes regulated electricity. This segment provides transmission and distribution services to retail electric providers that sell electricity to residential and business consumers; and transmission services to other electricity distribution companies, cooperatives, and municipalities. It operates a transmission and distribution system that delivers electricity to approximately 3.3 million homes and businesses; and approximately 121,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines. This segment’s distribution system consists of 56,956 miles of overhead primary conductors; 21,323 miles of overhead secondary and street light conductors; 16,834 miles of underground primary conductors; and 10,415 miles of underground secondary and street light conductors. The company was founded in 1882 and is based in Dallas, Texas. As of March 9, 2018, Energy Future Holdings Corp. operates as a subsidiary of Sempra Energy. On April 29, 2014, Energy Future Holdings Corporation, along with its affiliates, filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.
ASC Devens LLC
MainSource Financial Group Inc.
MUSIC OF YOUR LIFE INC
Oil States International, Inc. provides specialty products and services to oil and gas drilling and production companies. The Company supplies connection technology for offshore oil and gas development and production, distributes tubular goods, furnishes hydraulic workover, and well control services. Oil States also provides remote site accommodations, catering, and logistics.
Capital Dynamics US, Inc. is based in New York, New York. Capital Dynamics US, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Capital Dynamics AG.
Pacific Commerce Bancorp
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. provides communications services and products to residential and business customers in the islands of Oahu, Maui, Hawaii, Kauai, Molokai, and Lanai. The company offers local telephone services, including voice and data transport, custom calling features, network access, directory assistance, and private lines. It also provides high-speed Internet, long distance, television, Internet protocol based network, managed, billing and collection, and wireless services; data center services, including colocation and virtual private cloud; customer premises equipment; and data solutions. As of December 31, 2017, the company served approximately 271,000 voice access lines; 22,000 business voice over Internet protocol lines; 110,000 high-speed Internet lines; and 45,000 video subscribers. Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. was founded in 1883 and is headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii. As of July 2, 2018, Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell Inc.
L-3 Communications Vector International Aviation LLC
Assurant, Inc. provides risk management solutions. The Company offers protections for mobile devices and vehicles. Assurant provides pre-funded funeral, renters, and lender-placed homeowners insurance, as well as mortgage valuation and field services.
Roots Nursery, LLC engages in producing and supplying proprietary genetics to large and craft cultivators in California. It produces organic clones. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Oakland, California.
AMYRIS INC
New Linn
Legacy Reserves GP, LLC operates as a general partner for Legacy Reserves Inc., which engages in the acquisition, development, and production of oil and natural gas properties. The company was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Midland, Texas. Legacy Reserves GP, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Legacy Reserves Inc.
Mercer International, Inc. designs and manufactures oil and water separator equipment. It offers ground oil water separators, below ground oil water separators, customized oil water separators, and oil skimmers. The company also offers solutions for existing separators and rental services. Its product have application have in utilities, oil terminals, airports, parking lots, steel mills, rail yards, bilge water, tank farms, chemical, stormwater run-off, ground water remediation, generating stations, vehicle wash/repairs, food industry, petro-chemical plants, military installations, gas stations, and refineries. The company is based in Mendham, New Jersey.
Mann Packing Company
Acquiror
Unreserved Sdn. Bhd. offers magazine publishing and advertising services. The company is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Unreserved Sdn. Bhd. operates as a former subsidiary of Redberry Sdn. Bhd. As of December 31, 2017, Unreserved Sdn. Bhd. operates as a subsidiary of Newsmakers Productions Sdn. Bhd.
Dealflo Limited provides end-to-end agreement automation services to the financial sector. It offers Universal Application module for multiple channels that include Web, mobile, call center, store, and branch; Verification Hub that gives clients access to the widest range of configurable identity and verification services available; and an electronic/digital signature module that is primarily designed for the execution of financial agreements in any major market around the world. The company also provides Document Generation solution with features, including template driven document customization/personalization, PDF forms, form fields data extraction and update, form field positioning, black-out/ white-out areas, customization blocks/annotations, watermarks, document ID markers, signature field positioning, and text anchors, as well as PDF document splitting, merge, and page extraction. In addition, it offers Vaulting Service, a sophisticated storage facility where clients can vault digital assets, such as financial agreements and their associated electronic evidence; and Service Control Engine that gives clients control over the content, process, evidence, and data surrounding their agreement processes on a transaction-by-transaction level. Dealflo Limited was formerly known as IOCS Limited and changed its name to Dealflo Limited in May 2016. The company was incorporated in 2008 and is based in London, United Kingdom. As of May 30, 2018, Dealflo Limited operates as a subsidiary of OneSpan Inc.
A. Schulman, Inc. manufactures and supplies plastic compounds and resins. It offers custom performance colors, including standard and customized colors, organic and inorganic pigments, high chroma colors in translucent or opaque formats, and special effects. The company also provides engineered composites, such as bulk molding compounds, sheet molding compounds, and thick molding compounds, as well as engineered structural composite solutions for original equipment manufacturers and custom molders. In addition, it offers concentrates to enhance the performance, appearance, and processing of plastics for intended applications; additive solutions; and application solutions that minimize the use of plastics, or incorporate the use of recycled plastics or renewable-based polymers, as well as provides films for agriculture, packaging, and personal care and hygiene applications. Further, the company offers polymer solutions, which provide structural integrity; multi-component blends that include polyolefins, nylons, polyesters and elastomers, and others; and formulating know-how with fiber reinforcements, such as glass and carbon, nano-reinforcements, flame retardants, impact modifiers, and UV stabilization. Additionally, it offers size reduction services; specialty powders for rotational molding, oil and gas additives, and sports and leisure products; jet milling services used for products requiring fine particle size; and cryogenic milling services. The company also buys, repackages, and resells polymers for processing types, such as injection molding, blow molding, thermoforming, and film and sheet extruding. It serves packaging, mobility, building and construction, electronics and electrical, agriculture, personal care and hygiene, custom services, sports, home, and leisure markets worldwide. The company was founded in 1928 and is headquartered in Fairlawn, Ohio. As of August 21, 2018, A. Schulman, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of LyondellBasell Industries N.V.
SEI
Z Acquisition LLC
Berry GP Inc
Atlantic Acquisition Corp.
C-Rod
Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions, Inc. produces and markets asphalt and emulsion products. It specializes in the development of engineered paving and pavement preservation products. The company offers asphalts ranging from hot mix and polymer-modified asphalts to warm mixes, cold mixes, and more to build roads; and coatings that protect against corrosion, moisture infiltration, adhesion, sound pollution, surface treatments, and more. Its products are used in highway construction and maintenance projects worldwide. Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions, Inc. has a strategic partnership with Valero Energy Corporation. The company was founded in 1979 and is based in Jackson, Mississippi with locations across the United States. Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Ergon, Inc.
Crane & Co., Inc. manufactures and supplies paper products. It offers stationary products and gifts; wedding announcement cards, invitations, and event accessories; baby and kids announcement and invitation cards; holiday cards, party invitations and cards, and gifts; and occasion announcement cards and invitations. The company also manufactures business products, such as business and jotter cards, notes, letterhead, envelopes, invitations and announcement cards; and business gifts and accessories. It serves customers, including central banks, industrial manufacturers, and stationery specialty retailers. The company also offers its products online. Crane & Co., Inc. was founded in 1801 and is based in North Adams, Massachusetts. As of April 5, 2018, Crane & Co., Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Crane Co.
DMI
Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. provides crude oil and liquid petroleum gathering, transportation, and storage services assets in the United States. The company’s Lakehead system consists of approximately 4,212 miles of pipe and 74 pump stations located in the Great Lakes and Midwest regions of the United States. Its North Dakota crude oil system comprises approximately 660 miles, has 12 pump stations, delivery points, and storage facilities; and Mid-Continent system includes approximately 20 million barrels of storage capacity. The company serves integrated oil companies, independent oil producers, refiners, and marketers. Enbridge Energy Company, Inc. operates as a general partner of Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. The company was formerly known as Lakehead Pipe Line Partners, L.P. and changed its name to Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. in 2001. Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas. As of December 20, 2018, Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. operates as a subsidiary of Enbridge (U.S.) Inc.
Riverview LLC
LAMAR ADVERTISING CO NEW
CRYO CELL INTERNATIONAL INC
PSB Bancshares Inc.
AgeX Therapeutics Inc
Magnum Oil Tools International LTD
INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS INC
LYB Americas Holdco Inc.
GTCR Fund XI/C LP
AveXis Inc
GTCR/FMG Blocker Corp
PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT II INC
MPT RHM Holdco S.a r.l.
MPLX LP
EMC Corporation
First National Bank of Northern California
TetrastaR Co. Ltd.
Rock City S.A.
Zayo Group Holdings Inc.
Reasons Aviation LLC
Amit S. Khandwala
First Evanston Bancorp
Village Square Associates II LLC
Don Quijote (USA) Co. Ltd.
DAB Resources Ltd.
Aon plc
ICAHN ENTERPRISES L P
Ameris Bancorp
Layne
Enertec Management Ltd.
Blind Faith Concepts Holdings Inc.
NATHANS FAMOUS INC
HARRISON VICKERS WATERMAN INC
Hudson Global Inc
M2M Spectrum Networks
LLC
FEC Overseas Investment (UK) Limited
Riveter Merger Sub Corp.Rockwell Collins Inc.
HF Group Holding Corporation
TwinCo Inc
Ignite Holdco Inc.
NUI Corporation
FBLB
Hawker Pacific Airservices Limited
UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP DE
AKCEA THERAPEUTICS INC
Streamline Merger Sub LLC
FIVE STAR SENIOR LIVING INC
SNH
HereLab Inc
AMERICA FIRST MULTIFAMILY INVESTORS L P
ExlService.com LLC
PENN VIRGINIA CORP
HCN European Surgery Center Holdings Limited
CSA Investments LLC
Brinker Property Corporation
Office JV
First US Bancshares Inc
Hecla and 1156291 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company
COMSTOCK RESOURCES INC
Sullivans Steakhouse restaurant
Spectrum Global Solutions Inc
DD s Deluxe Rod Holder Inc
Tenet Healthcare Corporation
Noble Midstream Partners LP
CVS Health
Hong Kong Cryptocurrency Exchange Limited
Fat Pattys restaurant franchise
Milnesand Minerals Inc.
Tallgrass Energy Partners LP
First Priority Financial Corp.
FLAGSTAR BANCORP INC
Hyatt Hotels Corp
Veolia Environmental Services North America LLC
SHUTTERFLY INC
Ergon Mexico HC LLC
Snapfish LLC
Abaxis Inc
SEACOAST BANKING CORP OF FLORIDA
Apollo Endosurgery Inc
Drr
Panadero Corp.
WOUND MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGIES INC
Elkton Business
Spirit of Texas Bancshares Inc.
Colony NorthStar Credit Real Estate Inc
HEIDRICK STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL INC
LIVING 3D HOLDINGS INC
Wells Fargo Bank N.A.
Five Oaks Investment Corp
TENET HEALTHCARE CORP
Saban Real Estate LLC
REALPAGE INC
AIS Holdings Group Inc
Valero Renewable Fuels Company LLC
Uranerz Energy Corporation
Skyline National Bank
Grubhub Inc
tronc Inc
EQT Corp
WMB
Adaptive Insights Inc.
Meridian Waste Solutions Inc
INNOVATIVE FOOD HOLDINGS INC
Highlands REIT Inc
Artilium plc
Juno Therapeutics Inc
Ballantyne Strong Inc
Wallace Real Estate LLC
Texas Petroleum Investment Company
BP America Production Company
Fortune Valley Treasures Inc
Chargewave Ptd Ltd
ZGH Merger Sub Inc.
Westbound Bank
Aclaris Therapeutics Inc
AMERISOURCEBERGEN CORP
GlassBridge Enterprises Inc
Bristol Metals
Bakken shale
Tennessee RV Sales and Service LLC
Natur Holding B.V.
Elite Street Capital Lofts Equity DE LLC
CNX Resources Corp
MITEL NETWORKS CORP
MTGE Investment Corp
Grakon Parent Inc.
Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc
ILG LLC
Novartis AG
WGL Holdings Inc
Infinity Intermediate Holdings LLC
Convergys Corporation
PowerSteering UK
Interface Performance Materials
WaittCorp Investments LLC
Oakall Management Limited
AltaGas Ltd.
SHYFT Analytics Inc.
Tallgrass MLP GP LLC
HINES GLOBAL INCOME TRUST INC
SYNTEL INC
LINDE PLC
ABG-Camuto LLC
ANTILIA GROUP CORP
Advanced Energy
Abaxis
SSL Riverview LLC
SEATTLE GENETICS INC WA
Timwell Corporation Limited
Etelix.Com USA LLC
HubPages Inc.
YHIMONE Inc.
Caidan Management Company LLC
CSA Inc.
Elgin Riverboat Resort
HP Acquisition Co. Inc.
Tennessee Bancshares Inc.
SHILOH INDUSTRIES INC
Coastal Patient Network d/b/a The Green Room Wellness Center
CAMBER ENERGY INC
Trupanion Inc
SYNALLOY CORP
TIPTREE INC
FIRST TRUST HIGH INCOME LONG SHORT FUND
Global Institute of Vocational Education Pty Ltd
CyrusOne Dutch Holdings B.V.
Vander Holding Corporation
Volt Merger Sub LLC
CONAGRA BRANDS INC
Coulee Frenchman LLC.
B.R. Acquisition Ltd
DSW Inc
CENTENE CORP
CyrusOne LP
Directed Services LLC
TEBS Financing
Cambrex Corporation
Jefferson Merger Sub Inc.
NorthStar Real Estate Income Trust Inc
National Louis University
WESTMOUNTAIN Co
Callon Petroleum Company
Platinum Equity LLC
Sullivans Franchise Corporation
Agape ATP Corp
AIG
Helix TCS Inc
LHC Group Inc
TWG
Het Komt Vast Goed
Uni-President Enterprises Corporation
Kaidan Hospitality LP
Bonneville International Corporation
Northfield Park Associates LLC
ReWalk Robotics Ltd
Ridgeway Arizona Oil Corp.
Redwood Mortgage Investors IX LLC
AMMO INC
Community Bank of Bergen County NJ
Ambercare Corporation
ZTL Seller Rep LLC
Hubbard Radio
Charter Financial Corporation
Flywheel Energy Operating LLC
Falcon Minerals Corp
Cisco Brewers Inc
VERINT SYSTEMS INC
FMB Banking Corporation
Designer Floors of Texas Inc.
OneLife Technologies Corp
Cartiva Inc.
HarborOne Bancorp Inc
Smart Sand Inc
Autoliv
CPI Aerostructures Inc.
Delanco Bancorp Inc
Skylight Merger Sub Inc
USA Compression Partners LP
Energy Transfer Partners L P
TRANS WORLD CORP
ENP Investments LLC
MSM LP
Fintech Holdings North America Inc.
Fidelis Care
Sullivans of Delaware Inc.
Forest Investment Associates
Mt. Melrose LLC
ZEV VENTURES INC
HUBBELL INC
DXC Technology Co
FERRELLGAS PARTNERS L P
SWH Wyatt Defoor Hills LLC
Rubicon Technology Inc
Signode Industrial Group Holdings
Ameron International Corporation
Walefar
MEDIJANE HOLDINGS INC
Petro-Hunt L.L.C.
GOODRICH PETROLEUM CORP
The Agronomy Group LLC
Prive Technologies LLC
Great Western Life Insurance Company
WASM Acquisition Corp
XYZ Merger Sub Inc.
Gear4
MUTUALFIRST FINANCIAL INC
Forge
New Age Beverages Corp
the Share Consideration
Hahnemann University Hospital
Bison Merger Sub I LLC
Global Marine Business of Power Products Holdings LLC
SK Capital Partners L.P.
Ag-Mining Investments AB
ForeSee Results Inc.
JCF III Europe Holdings LP
Easterly Government Properties Inc
Riviera
MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS INC
Reply AG. Modcomp Germany
Green Merger Sub Inc.
Kandi Technologies Group Inc
700 Universe LLC
SW Kenetics Inc
FINISH LINE INC IN
cbdMD LLC
NU Pet Company
DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A.
Brand Group Holdings Inc.
SingleHop
Milander Investments LLC
UNITED FIRE GROUP INC
Clopay Plastics to Berry Global Inc
Arbys Restaurant Group
Waterfall Holdings Inc.
UNIT CORP
AmSurg Corp
Nine Energy Service Inc
First West Virginia Bancorp Inc.
QuoteWizard.com LLC
Matrix
Taylor Morrison Home Corp
SALESFORCE COM INC
NORTHWEST BIOTHERAPEUTICS INC
RMX
Liberty Latin America Ltd
Starbucks Corporation
Ipreo Parent Holdco LLC
MINING POWER GROUP INC
CLI
Ormat Nevada Inc.
AMBASE CORP
Brinker International Inc.
Walgreen Co
Hubei Jinli Hydraulic Co. Ltd.
AUC Acquisition Holdings
Continental General Insurance Company
PENTAIR plc
TheMaven Inc
Red Lion Hotels Corporation
West Victory Stockholder Representative LLC
Huen New York Inc.
CAFEPRESS INC
Huawei Technologies Research & Development (UK) Limited
Cubic Global Defens Inc.
Granite Shore Power LLC
AdCare Inc
Kanawha Insurance Company
Roan Holdco
Brothers Production Company Inc.
VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC
Sullivans of Illinois Inc.
Romanos Macaroni Grill
WordStream Inc.
701 Sign LLC
Thoreau Holdco LLC
TerraForm Power Inc
iGourmet LLC
Rockwell Automation Inc
Actua Corp
Nationwide Bank
Xceptor LLC
Entsorga USA Inc
Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc
SCOTTS MIRACLE GRO CO
Cotiviti Holdings Inc
Simex
Saddle Butte Rockies Midstream
Ryerson Holding Corporation
Cloud Lending Inc
XL Group Ltd
nVent Electric plc
Anaren Holdings LLC
Nuveen Global Cities REIT Inc
Turning Point Brands LLC
Reliant Bancorp Inc
Marfrig Global Foods S.A.
Lazydays Holdings Inc
BCSP 8 303 Property LLC
Genewiz
Rainier Investment Management LLC
TRAQER CORP
Designer Apparel Group LLC
Ritz-Carlton Sarasota
Liberty Latin America Ltd
CLIC TECHNOLOGY INC
AAC Holdings Inc
NorthStar I
Navigant Consulting (Europe) Limited
NorthStar II OP
NAMI Corp
Blue Star Acquisition Corp.
Wayne and Wendy Wilkison
Entercom Communications Corp
4P Therapeutics LLC
U S SILICA HOLDINGS INC
WPCS International Incorporated
Concho Resources Inc
Cheniere Energy Inc
Bioanomaly Inc.
First Bank
Link Media Midwest LLC
J&W McGraw Properties Ltd.
PEDEVCO CORP
Veth Propulsion Holding
Gratitude Health Inc
QUINSTREET INC
CharterBank
Standard Diversified Inc
LAYNE CHRISTENSEN CO
TTM TECHNOLOGIES INC
The Dining Room at Kendall NFP
FULLCIRCLE REGISTRY INC
H2K Holdings Ltd.
Glen Eagles Acquisition LP
Bed Time S.A.
Willbros Group
FREIGHT SOLUTION INC
Talon First
SAES Getters S.p.A.
CFSP Acquisition Corp
Hartman vREIT XXI Inc
WildHorse Resource Development Corp
Susquehanna Capital Acquisition Co.
PHI GROUP INC
Del Friscos Restaurant Group Inc
Noralta
MERCURY SYSTEMS INC
FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP OH
Cure Based Development LLC
Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc
VEREIT Inc VEREIT Operating Partnership L P
GAIN Capital Holdings Inc
Wyatt
Galaxy Next Generation Inc.
RTS
Steeple Street RI LLC
Polaris Industries Inc
Luxembourg Investment Company
MULESOFT INC
ASGN Inc
THESTREET INC
Evofem Biosciences Inc
New Royale
ENTEGRIS INC
5 Leaf LLC
Dynegy
USAmeriBancorp Inc
METHODE ELECTRONICS INC
NCP Fairway
Bandera Acquisition LLC
Benaroya Capital Company L.L.C.
L.P.
Google LLC
Gene Biotherapeutics Inc.
Cheshire Trafford
PetLife Pharmaceuticals Inc
Halo Pharmaceutical Canada Inc.
Arcus
iGourmet NY LLC
Kauai Acquisition Corp.
Cheniere Energy Inc.
Total Woman Franchising Inc
First Colombia Development Corp
V-Silicon Inc.
AB INTERNATIONAL GROUP CORP
Impala Private Holdings II LLC
Impax Laboratories LLC
Global Smart Capital Corp
Crypto Co
FIRST TRUST STRATEGIC HIGH INCOME FUND II
M&I Electric LLC
Bakhu Holdings Corp
Pivotal Petroleum Partners LP
Richardson Tech
S W Seed Co
Bechtle AG
L-3 Communications Flight International Aviation LLC
CRANE CO DE
KMG America Corporation
Counsyl Inc.
CUBIC CORP DE
Company and Mitchell Saltz
DCT Industrial Operating Partnership LP
EMA Financial LLC
Aedan Inc.
Deep Gulf Energy companies
Vistra Energy
JD Sports
Gannett Co Inc
Project West Acquisition Corporation
United Community Bank
Enterprise Bank N.J.
Carbonite Inc
Flagship Global Corp
Amesite Inc
National Bank Holdings Corp
Rockland Trust
EVO Transportation Energy Services Inc
Google Ireland
USA Compression Holdings LLC
California Cryobank Stem Cell Services LLC
GD Development Corporation
BlueLinx Corporation
SUSSEX BANCORP
ANDEAVOR
Danbel Holdings Ltd
Velo Merger Sub Inc
Donggao International
Wrangler Inc.
MARIMED INC
The State Media Company
Pacific Shelf 1855 Limited
BWW
Orbital ATK Inc.
BIO TECHNE Corp
Fortress Investment Group
Four Corners Property Trust Inc
DCT Industrial Trust Inc
Community First Inc
CCCR International Investment Ltd.
Store Capital Acquisitions LLC
CIMPRESS N V
Carbon California
Sullivans of Arizona Inc.
John Keeler & Co. Inc
Brabant Alucast Services B.V.
L-3 Communications Integrated System L.P.
Becton Dickinson and Company
Build A Sign LLC
First Green Bancorp Inc.
Adam America Equities LLC.
Addus HomeCare Corp
SunTrust Bank
Fifth Creek Energy Company LLC
NuLife Sciences Inc
HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP INC DE
Zuf and Sky-Rent
3VR Security Inc
Riot Blockchain Inc
ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS INC
Illinois RBG L.L.C.
FLEXIBLE SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL INC
Pacific Office Properties Trust Inc
BIOTELEMETRY INC
Quantum Strategic Partners Ltd.
FIRSTENERGY CORP
INNSUITES HOSPITALITY TRUST
SB ONE BANCORP
WILLIAM LYON HOMES
Winthrop Corporation
MLN TopCo Ltd
Thomas Soriero
Natur Holdings B.V.
CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust Inc
Fortive Corp
BP Capital Fund Advisors LLC
ENBRIDGE ENERGY MANAGEMENT L L C
Sandoz
LJR
LivaNova PLC
Southwestern Gas Pipeline L.L.C.
Symmetry Surgical Inc.
ProAct Services Corporation
LAMAR MEDIA CORP DE
Ding King Training Institute Inc.
TW Glendale Inc.
L.A.E. Properties Inc
Axis at Westmont
Greystar
SYNNEX CORP
Fairmount Santrol
CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORP
Zenium Topco Ltd.
Louisiana Steakhouse Inc.
Civeo Corp
Host Hotels & Resorts L.P.
Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation
Amrop A/S
Evoqua Water Technologies Corp
Tanos Energy Holdings III LLC
DYNEGY INC
Mid Penn Bank
GRAPHIC PACKAGING HOLDING CO
Prologis L P
B Riley Financial Inc
Owens & Minor
Denville Scientific
Armadillo Acquisition Sub Inc.
Tang Dynasty Investment Group Limited
CenterState Bank Corp
H.D. Smith Holding Company
Woodward Inc
Value Plus NV
Group Health Plan Inc.
Terramar Retail Centers LLC
Myers Power Products Inc.
Tribune Publishing Company LLC
Energy Resources 12 Operating Company LLC
ITRON INC WA
Ceres Systems
E.M.P. Merchandising Handelsgesellschaft mbH
Level Brands Inc
Red Lion Hotels Franchising Inc.
Columbia Acquisition Sub LLC
CCA Acquisition LLC
LARK
FIRST COMMUNITY BANCSHARES INC NV
First Commons Bank N.A.
Red Violet Inc
HOOPER HOLMES INC
AT T INC
BOK FINANCIAL CORP ET AL
First Choice Bancorp
US VR Global com Inc
MEDICINES CO DE
DPTH Acquisition Corporation
Arvest Bank
UTC
Viewpoint Inc.
Enable Midstream Partners LP
Theravance Biopharma Ireland Limited and Theravance Biopharma US Inc.
Aravive Inc
Inc
Third Point Reinsurance (USA) Ltd.
Sullivans of North Carolina Inc.
VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP
Business First Bancshares Inc
FIRST BANCSHARES INC MS
Black Box Corporation
SunPower
OptimizeRx Corp
American Retail Group Inc
Birch Communications Holdings Inc.
Ecoserv LLC
MARATHON OIL CORP
Spirit Realty L.P.
DocuSign Inc
CITY HOLDING CO
Comcast Corporation
GNA Financing Inc.
Sullivans of Kansas Inc.
Pacific Ventures Group Inc
Sound Commercial Investment Holdings LLC
National Art Exchange Inc
Bank Frick & Co AG
BlueLinx Holdings Inc
LaSalle Hotel Properties
Shell Midstream Partners L P
Boston Omaha Corporation
BROOKS AUTOMATION INC
Kosmos Energy Ltd
Uranium Royalty Corp.
RN C Holding SA
ActiveCare Inc
Enphase Energy Inc
DEXTERA SURGICAL INC
Marvell Technology Group Ltd
Forestar Group Inc
Boat Holdings LLC
Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited
ROCKWELL COLLINS INC
TxCell S.A.
PetIQ Inc
Avigilon Corporation
SUN HYDRAULICS CORP
TRIMBLE INC
PTC THERAPEUTICS INC
Rock and Wrap It Up!
ADEX Corp
Harvest Properties Inc.
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc
Civista Bancshares Inc
Blue Star Foods Corp
NCR Corporation
MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC
Jacksonville Bancorp Inc
Bravatek Solutions Inc
Phillips Edison Company Inc
CYS Investments Inc
Columbus First Bank
AgEagle Aerial
URANIUM ENERGY CORP
JFL-WCS Partners LLC
Newco common
Industrial Growth Partners IV L.P.
Alta Mesa Holdings LP
OLD LINE BANCSHARES INC
Mill Point Capital Partners L.P.
MVW
PharmaIN Corporation
Rio Merger Sub LLC
INNOVATE BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC
DarkPulse Technologies Inc.
Pacific Energy Development Corp.
HENNESSY ADVISORS INC
S2 Yachts Inc.
PEDCO
COGENTIX MEDICAL INC DE
FIRST INTERCONTINENTAL TECHNOLOGY INC
Steven Madden
CatchMark Timber Trust Inc
NJ Battery Energy Storage Project 1 LLC
Reliant
TWIN DISC INC
BT Canton Associates LLC
Pharma Bio Serv Inc
EVH LLC.
Nuvera Communications Inc
Lydall Inc DE
National Bank of Commerce
salesforce.com inc.
RL Port Angeles LLC
County First Bank
Affinion Group LLC
MTGE Investment Corp.
Zenium
OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP
FEC Investment (US) Limited
NMC Healthcare UK Limited
Mendota Insurance Company
MPT Operating Partnership L.P.
Inpixon
Paragon Commercial CORP
Central European Media Enterprises Ltd
XERIUM TECHNOLOGIES INC
Clifton Bancorp Inc.
Sunlight Supply Inc.
Concept Development Inc.
INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS FRAGRANCES INC
Primoris Services Corp
Great State Bank
SK Angel Holdings L.P.
Celularity Inc.
Nestl S.A.
Tech Associates Inc.
VERIFONE SYSTEMS INC
Immune Therapeutics Inc
ICAHN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS L P
Lion GP Interests LLC
Veneto Holdings L.L.C.
LAWSON PRODUCTS INC NEW DE
Xenith Bankshares Inc
Martin Midstream Partners LP
Anaren Holding Corp.
DST Systems Inc.
CODE GREEN APPAREL CORP
Metrolina Alpharetta LLC
G E Mills LLC
Datawatch Corporation
Point Capital Inc
Granite
KINGSWAY FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
CARLISLE COMPANIES INC
CoConnect Pursuant
Summit Healthcare REIT Inc
Saban Real Estate LLC
Polyusus Lux IV S. r.l.
Photozou Holdings Inc
AIS Holdco LLC
Cianna Medical Inc.
Cimarex Energy Co
EAP Ohio LLC
Foundation Medicine Inc
KryptoKiosk Limited
Romark Global Pharma LLC
ADEX Puerto Rico
Riviera Upstream LLC
Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc
BloomBank
Lennar Corporation
AgeX
Halyard Health Inc
International Money Express Inc
TMG
CAPITAL PROPERTIES INC RI
Cascade Merger Sub Inc
NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORP DE
DXC
ORNC
Power Up Lending Group Ltd.
SITESTAR CORP
New Jersey Community Bank
EXACTECH INC
LRP IV Luxembourg Holdings S.A.R.L.
Cinnamon Merger Sub Inc.
BILL BARRETT CORP
L-3 Army Sustainment LLC

RESMED INC
Renasant Bank
AV Homes
KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT Inc
SHARING ECONOMY INTERNATIONAL INC
EDUCATION REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP L P
Reply AG
Twin Acquisition Corp.
Merger Sub
JANEL CORP
M&I Electric Industries Inc.
First Mariner Bank
SemMexico L.L.C.
Integer Holdings Corporation
VALHI INC DE
Kerry Holding Co.
Air T Inc
KIRBY CORP
JCF III Europe S. r.l.
Phillips Edison Grocery Center Operating Partnership I L.P.
Sysorex
Paradise Health Foods Inc.
ADES International Holding Ltd.
EOR Operating Company
ROAN RESOURCES INC
NPS
AgEagle Merger Sub Inc
CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp
Hunt Oil Company
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE INC
New Bridge Global Ventures Inc
HospitalCo Parent
EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY INC DE
Spirit of Texas Bancshares Inc
TW Holdings Inc.
FCPT Acquisitions LLC
ESCALADE INC
SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP
Hart Campus Playa Vista LLC
Brinker International Inc
Sentry Merger Sub Inc
CME Media Enterprises B.V.
Clint Artrip
HCR
Cogint Inc
ATN International Inc
L-3 Communications Vertex Aerospace LLC
Imperva Inc
Affinion Group Inc.
LENNAR CORP NEW
Digital Turbine Singapore Pte Ltd.
Royale Merger Sub
CenterState Bank Corporation
ILG Inc.
Polaris Sales Inc.
MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc
Infrastructure Energy Alternatives Inc
M I Acquisitions
Parkway Acquisition Corp
Computershare Trust Company N.A.
AVNG Acquisition Sub LLC
REF
Cannae Holdings Inc
Eldorado Resorts Inc
3D Discovery Co Limited
Devon Energy Corporation
ARC Group Inc
RocketFuel
Colony NorthStar Inc
Quest Solution Inc
d/b/a Blue Star Foods
Wind Point Partners
AMERICAN SUPERCONDUCTOR CORP DE
Aspen
Celgene
MICROSEMI CORP
Elizabethtown Business
AEI INCOME GROWTH FUND 25 LLC
Halo Pharmaceutical Inc.
Oxford Immunotec Global PLC
N&B Energy
MURPHY OIL CORP DE
Phillips Edison Grocery Center Operating Partnership II L.P.
Energy Transfer Operating L P
Snyder's-Lance Inc
U.S. Education Holdings LLC
Apotheca Biosciences Inc
Sullivans of Baltimore Inc.
Cosmofarm Ltd
Easterly Acquisition Corp
Slacker Inc
SPAD Holdings LLC
Northern Empire Resources Corp
Say Media Inc.
Acquiree
OneEnergy Partners Operating LLC
Alithya Group inc.
Zoetis Inc
GRIFFON CORP
Capri Holdings Ltd
FRONTIER OILFIELD SERVICES INC
Advanced Care Scripts Inc.
GS Group
Independent Bank Group Inc
Twin Disc NL Holding B.V.
SILICON LABORATORIES INC
Healthy Life Pets LLC
WNDM
FBM Logistics LLC
Identiv TSS Merger Sub Inc
Louise H. Rogers
Massachusetts Acquisitions LLC
Snappy Marine Inc.
Hunt CMT Equity LLC
GSA Army Corp. of Engineers
OCEANFIRST FINANCIAL CORP
Weatherford International plc
Segundo Resources LLC
Meridian Group
Rant & Rave
GenOn Energy Inc
PLEDGE PETROLEUM CORP
China Commercial Credit Inc
Owens Corning
GLOCORP INC
Atlas Resources Public 18 2009 B L P
ALMOST FAMILY INC
Anutra Corp
RiceBran Technologies
Shoal Creek metallurgical coal mine
CMSs office facility in Alpharetta Georgia
FUTURELAND CORP
MPLX Fuels Distribution
IDT CORP
NightFood Holdings Inc
Empire Louisiana LLC
Peoples Inc
Alternative Solutions LLC
FinTech
MYR Group Inc
Roan LLC
Champion Holdings
WILLIAMS PARTNERS L P
Trimble Inc
EVERSOURCE ENERGY PUBLIC SERVICE CO OF NEW HAMPSHIRE
NorthStar Realty Europe Corp
First Priority Bank
Elgin Holdings I LLC
NXOF Intermediate Holdings Inc.
United Group B.V.
StorCentric Inc.
Carbon Natural Gas Co
CalAtlantic Group Inc
Fat Pattys LLC
TI Acquisition Corp.
Vitaxel Group Ltd
Analog Nest
NextEra Energy Inc
Vecima Networks Inc
US GEOTHERMAL INC
Maria USA Inc
LendingTree Inc
CNL Healthcare Properties II Inc
Admall Sdn. Bhd.
AMID
Convergent Media Systems Corporation
Select Interior Concepts Inc
Cang Bo Tian Xia Co
Macquarie Infrastructure Corp
UpperSolution com
AIR INDUSTRIES GROUP
Ibex Group
Morningview Financial LLC
YuMe Inc
Cytocom
Maxim
North Philadelphia Sullivans Inc.
Sun Bancorp Inc
ADS Place Phase III LLC
FPA/WC Commons LLC
VIKING ENERGY GROUP INC
BOYD GAMING CORP
Big Time Holdings Inc
NGL Energy Partners LP
Antibodies
EG Retail (America) LLC
Banana Whale Studios Pte. Ltd.
SS C Technologies Holdings Inc
Marine Products Terminals
Magnolia Oil Gas Corp
eHealth Inc
Silver Spring Networks Inc
HARVARD BIOSCIENCE INC
MGM Growth Properties Operating Partnership LP
Effective Time
CVB Financial Corp
Bob Evans Farms Inc
David Chymiak LLC
OMP GP LLC
FS Bancorp Inc
Royale Energy Inc
AEI NET LEASE INCOME GROWTH FUND XX LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
FAH MAI HOLDINGS INC
1156291 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company
TriCo Bancshares
1ST CONSTITUTION BANCORP
Royalty Foods LLC
Sullivans Restaurants of Nebraska Inc.
Caidan Enterprises Inc.
TRANSENTERIX INC
Summit Health Inc
Apotheca Biosciences
Enbridge Inc.
Ergon Asfaltos Mexico HC LLC
Bison Crypto Power Corporation
Evans Brewing Co Inc
Pinnacle Foods
SMARTFINANCIAL INC
Christie Digital Systems Inc
CyrusOne Inc
True North
Matrix
Enzo Merger Sub
Energy Transfer Equity L P
Mark Haibach
WMIH Corp
COMMERCIAL METALS CO
Timothy Lane LLC
HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA INC
Iota Networks
Fah Mai Holdings Co. Ltd.
APARTMENT INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT CO
Securitas Electronic Security Inc.
AMERICAN WOODMARK CORP
XIANGTIAN USA AIR POWER CO LTD
Labrys Fund LP
Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc
FREDS INC
Exosome Diagnostics Inc.
Vegalab Inc
Attis Healthcare
TW Acquisition Corporation
Ichor Energy LLC
One Stop Systems Inc
CELGENE CORP DE
Community Bank
Inland Residential Properties Trust Inc
TimefireVR Inc
Orwell Acquisition Corporation
Bendon Investments Ltd.
United Royale Holdings Corp
Amazing Energy Oil Gas Co
Digital Fuel SV LLC
Fulton LLC
Community First Bancorp Inc.
KRATOS DEFENSE SECURITY SOLUTIONS INC
Prevoty Inc.
ANDES 7 INC
Arlington Capital Partners
PHH
Altair Engineering Inc
First Bank of Charleston Inc.
Aedan Financial Corp
LILIS ENERGY INC
Buckeye Partners
Florida City Gas
Brothers Operating Company Inc.
Anchor Bancorp
ENERGY RESOURCES 12 L P
Magnum Oil Tools Canada Ltd.
Federal-Mogul LLC
GES
TRON Group Inc
Laureate Education Inc
Magnolia Oil & Gas Corporation
ULTIMATE SOFTWARE GROUP INC
HCBF Holding Company Inc
Advanced Emissions Solutions Inc
CMI Transaction Co.
RSI Alliance Merger Sub Inc
Calix Inc
MetaPack Limited
Richland State Bancorp
Juno Therapeutics Inc
Huen Electric New Jersey Inc.
8point3 Energy Partners LP
Melinta Therapeutics Inc
Solbright Group Inc
Cord:Use Cord Blood Bank Inc.
WPZ
Parry Investment S.A.
FRESH DEL MONTE PRODUCE INC
Alexander Baldwin Inc
EQT GP Holdings LP
Medical Properties Trust Inc
DCT
Synchrony
Xianning Xiangtian Energy Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Gener8 Maritime Subsidiary VII Inc.
Taxus Cardium Pharmaceuticals Group Inc
TIDEWATER INC
Allied
HF Foods Group Inc
GUARANTY FEDERAL BANCSHARES INC
Affinion Group Holdings Inc
HRG SPV Sub I Inc.
Northway
Voya Insurance and Annuity Company
Carsmartt Inc
Brinker Propco Florida Inc.
Zoetis Inc.
Grande Legacy Inc
International Vapor Group LLC
Health Integrated Inc
theMaven Inc
Legacy Direct LLC.
FVCBankcorp Inc
Turner Wright Ltd
Mueller Water Products Inc
Tri Counties Bank
Third Point Reinsurance Company Ltd.
ETRN
WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc
Camden Merger Sub Inc.
Hines Global REIT Inc
SANGAMO THERAPEUTICS INC
Northwest Bancorporation Inc.
LAR Interconnecting Pipelines
Primotop Holdings S.a r.l.
Green Power Investment Corporation
WECONNECT Tech International Inc
Live Nation Entertainment Inc
ACP Mountain Holdings Inc.
Giotto Water S.r.l.
METROSPACES INC
Madison Acquireco LLC
Drone USA Inc
PowerSteering Software Limited
Klever Marketing Inc.
IHS Markit Ltd
Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust Inc.
CNB Bank & Trust
Omni Air International Holdings Inc
GSE SYSTEMS INC
Rider Merger Sub Inc
JUNIPER PHARMACEUTICALS INC
Ronald Heineman
Yijingtong (Beijing) Technology Development Ltd
Link Media Holdings LLC
Newmarkt Corp
W R GRACE CO
HMG COURTLAND PROPERTIES INC
LHC Group Inc.
DealCo Luxembourg II S. r.l.
Clean Energy Fuels Corp
WellCare Management Group Inc.
NN INC
Kuvare US Holdings Inc
HMG Park Manor of Friendswood LLC
Wazee Digital Inc.
SPAR GROUP INC
EV Properties L.P.
GULFMARK OFFSHORE INC
Hecla Mining Company
LCNB CORP
Norstan Communications Inc.
ALBIREO PHARMA INC
Digital Turbine Asia Pacific Pty Ltd.
First Colombia Devco SAS
MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS INC
COMSTOCK OIL GAS LOUISIANA LLC
STANDARD DIVERSIFIED OPPORTUNITIES INC
Jacksonville Property
Waitt Outdoor LLC
NewVoiceMedia Limited
BROOKLINE BANCORP INC
iStar Net Lease I LLC
Autoliv
Wright Medical Group N V
United Community Bancorp
FORWARD INDUSTRIES INC
V-Silicon International Inc.
nVent
EMPIRE PETROLEUM CORP
ExlService Holdings Inc
DOF II City Tower LLC
GENESIS FINANCIAL INC
Sixense Enterprises Inc.
CB Financial Services Inc
Venus Holdings Limited
Dell Technologies Inc
Parent and Green Merger Sub Inc.
OP Merger Sub LLC
Cayan and PCP
Kemper
CSP INC MA
Flash Merger Sub Corp.
BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY INC
CIG Shanghai Co. Ltd.
MELINTA THERAPEUTICS INC NEW
ERS Holdings LLC
Q2 Holdings Inc
Natural Generation Limited
Microsemi
Mallinckrodt plc
RADISYS CORP
GULF ISLAND FABRICATION INC
Envestnet Inc
BIOHITECH GLOBAL INC
Ascent ResourcesUtica LLC
MUSA
Ozop Surgical Inc.
Chromatin Inc
ARJ Consulting LLC
Western Window Systems
Callon Petroleum Operating Company
Vistra Energy Corp
Coastway Bancorp Inc
Bettwork
Evolent Health Inc
SMC Global Power Holdings Corp
BOB EVANS FARMS INC
Almost Family
Agribotix LLC
XpresSpa Group Inc
Saeta Yield
Drobo Inc.
Unified Messaging Systems ASA
MST Medical Surgery Technologies Ltd
Scienza Labs Inc.
RigNet Inc
Citizens Business Bank
Starwood Land
Counsyl and Fortis Advisors LLC
Monarch Delaware Holdings LLC
Encore Capital Group Inc
META FINANCIAL GROUP INC
Caidan Holding Company
Omni Aviation Leasing Holdings LLC
BYLINE BANCORP INC
Atlantis
Bushnell Outdoor Products Japan Limited
MINDBODY Inc
SOUTHERN POWER CO
OMS Holdings LLC
Perspecta Inc
Rodin Global Property Trust Inc
Future Healthcare of America
ROYALE ENERGY FUNDS INC
Renasant Corporation
Foothills Bancorp Inc.
Blueknight Energy Partners L P
AquaVenture Holdings Ltd
oute1 Security Corporation
Intelie
ONEOK Inc.
Pebblebrook Hotel Trust
S&P
Bolle Inc.
ZAIS Group Holdings Inc
Brand Banking Company
BakerCorp International Holdings Inc.
KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT Inc
FNB Bancorp
City Gear LLC
Ankura Consulting Worldwide Inc.
SunTrust Equity Funding LLC
Goldcup 16681 AB
Adesto Technologies Corporation
NXSN Acquisition Corp
Modcomp GmbH
Boule Medical AB
Third Point Reinsurance Ltd
Harvest
Nobelli Merger Sub Inc
Crown Point International LLC
CannAssist International Corp
Riverside Assessments LLC
8121117 Canada Inc.
ZAGG Inc
Fuse Medical Inc
BEAR STATE FINANCIAL INC
INFINITY PROPERTY CASUALTY CORP
CX Network Group Inc
CLS Holdings USA Inc
AmeriPride Services Inc
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Co
Frutarom Industries Ltd
Universal Bancorp
In-House Realty LLC
VIP
LiveXLive Media Inc
WoodSpring Hotels LLC and WSFS
SENOMYX INC
Advangelists LLC
EnviroStar Inc
Two Harbors
St. Christopher's Hospital for Children
Pivotal Williston Basin LP
MOSAIC CO
SJE Mining LLC
Corporate Capital Trust Inc
CSA of Teays Valley Inc.
Circuit Acquisition Corporation
Reliant Bank
Noble Vici Group Inc
British Virgin Islands with limited liability
CareSpeak
CSH
LEPERCQ CORPORATE INCOME FUND L P
Alpha Therapeutics Merger Sub Inc
Kimura Power LLC
Malibu Boats Inc
First Trust Strategic High Income Fund II
Bow Energy Ltd
Trinity Place Holdings Inc
CHP II Partners LP
Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc
Phoenix Life Sciences International Limited
SIGMA DESIGNS INC
Jefferies Financial Group Inc
Oasis Petroleum Inc
RSP Permian Inc
Inc.
Cabot Industrial Value Fund IV L.P.
FULLNET COMMUNICATIONS INC
TCN Holdings LLC
Petrolia Energy Corp
UNITED RENTALS NORTH AMERICA INC
Sellas Life Sciences Group Ltd
BUFFALO WILD WINGS INC
Deutsche Brse AG
William Charles
Gemini German Majority Holdco S. r.l.
Kachel Holding GmbH
True Wireless Inc.
Energen
Hudson Pacific Properties L P
TWENTY FIRST CENTURY FOX INC
CoBiz Financial Inc
MatrixCare Holdings Inc
EP Acquisition Parent Inc.
PINNACLE FOODS INC
CABOT OIL GAS CORP
La Quinta Holdings Inc
PRAXAIR INC
Allergan Sales LLC
701 Seventh Property Owner LLC
Liberty Global plc
GENON AMERICAS GENERATION LLC
First Trust High Income Long/Short Fund
HK Xu Ding Co Limited
MGM Growth Properties LLC
Summit
Firmenich Incorporated
DropCar Inc
Camuto Consulting Inc
NET 1 UEPS TECHNOLOGIES INC
BREIT LP
Red Hawk Enterprises Corp.
GACP Finance Co. LLC
MITEK SYSTEMS INC
Clearfield Inc
Bovie Medical Corporation
Monaker Group Inc
Explorer Merger Sub Corp
Cantor Fitzgerald Investors LLC
Monster Digital Inc
Reborn Global Holdings Inc.
TWO HARBORS INVESTMENT CORP
T7 Aviation Leasing Holdings LLC
TGS International Ltd
Kearny Financial Corp
Zenith
Bio-Tech Medical Software Inc.
Volt Merger Sub Inc.
AEROCENTURY CORP
FCBC Virginia
Marina Energy LLC
UR Merger Sub V Corporation
LogMeIn Inc
First Capital Real Estate Trust Inc
Booker Software Inc.
TIME WARNER LLC
Cascadian Therapeutics Inc
Myriad Genetics Inc
StarTek Inc
Prologis Inc
Platinum Equity Advisors LLC
Ameron Water Transmission Group LLC
CalAtlantic Group Inc
Edison Nation Holdings LLC
Tidewater
Amneal Holdings
Diversicare Healthcare Services Inc
First Interstate BancSystem Inc
PTC Inc.
L3 Technologies Inc
CAMPBELL SOUP CO
Tintri Inc
Higman Marine Inc
Argentum FM
Nexsan Corporation
Photozou Koukoku Co. Ltd.
Diamondback Energy Inc
Newstone Capital Partners II L.P.
NEULION INC
Nodechain Inc
COMCAST CORP
HIBBETT SPORTS INC
CVS HEALTH Corp
1stPoint Communications LLC
OP Merger Sub 2 LLC
Platin
J M SMUCKER Co
First US Bank
Xenith Bankshares Inc
AES CORP
Medidata Solutions Inc
CoinTracking LLC
Babcock Wilcox Enterprises Inc
Worthington Aviation Parts Inc.
Education Realty Trust Inc
UNITED RENTALS INC DE UNITED RENTALS NORTH AMERICA INC
Turning Point Brands Inc.
Camuto Group LLC
Comanche National Corporation
Contrail Aviation Support LLC
CALERES INC
Potomac Acquisition LLC
Red Lion Hotels CORP
Agilis
Main Street Kingwood LTD
AXA SA
APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES INC
NORTHERN OIL GAS INC
Bruin E&P Non-Op Holdings LLC
Motorola Solutions Inc
Alabama Graphite Corp.
Prologis
Khandwala Capital Management Inc.
Slovenia Broadband S. r.l.
Ditech Financial LLC
Legacy Reserves LP
Southwest Banc Shares Inc
International Seaways Inc
Sullivans of Alaska Inc.
Southern Company Gas
Energy Capital Partners
Union Bankshares Corporation
Integrity Bancshares Inc.
12 Retech Corp
BIOTIME INC
Catalent
CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP
DIGL
AIVN
Spirit MTA REIT
CCS I
Howard Bancorp Inc
CSA Inc. of Ashland
Gramercy Property Trust
HC2 Holdings Inc
magicJack VocalTec Ltd
Oasis Midstream Partners LP
RITE AID CORP
COMMUNITY FINANCIAL CORP MD
GENERAL MILLS INC
Kemper Corporation
Ripple Mewe World Inc
Greatbatch Ltd.
Digital Turbine Inc
Roche Holdings
Resource Plus Inc
ASG
Reply SpA
Iredell Holdings LLC
Exeter 950 Douglas LLC
WestRock Co
ORANCO INC
JY-TV Associates LLC
Priority Technology Holdings Inc
Global Diversified Marketing Group Inc
Suchard SA
WILLIAMS COMPANIES INC
TPGE
PARETEUM Corp
Waha concessions
GDHI
CLEAN HARBORS INC
Vantiv UK Limited
Penumbra Inc
FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp
Microchip Technology Incorporated
TAURIGA SCIENCES INC
SMG Industries Inc
Straight Path Communications Inc
Vinafilms Joint Stock Company
Hamilton State Bancshares Inc.
UNIPROP MANUFACTURED HOUSING COMMUNITIES INCOME FUND II MI
Amplify Snack Brands Inc
Alliqua BioMedical Inc
Elgin Holdings II LLC
SELLAS Life Sciences Group Inc
Maple Acquisition Corporation
NGK SPARK PLUG CO.
Edison Nation
Joseph T. Ryerson & Son Inc.
Cimarex Energy Company
KAPSTONE PAPER PACKAGING CORP
Screw Products Inc
Envision Healthcare Corp
Lifetouch Inc.
Superior Plus Corp.
Reliance
Aimco Operating Partnership
Red Lion Hotel Port Angeles
I-ON Acquisition Corp
COCONNECT INC
WellCare Health Plans Inc
Sears Oil Gas
M.N. Wasserman Ltd
A&J Investments LLC
Eclipse Merger Sub Inc.
NextiraOne Federal LLC
GLML LLC
VFCCP SR LLC
Foundation Building Materials Inc
CONE Gathering LLC
Resort Savers Inc
Mount Bastion Oil & Gas Corp
West Valley
Quickthree Solutions Inc.
VantaCore Partners LLC
Morinda Holdings Inc
Mining Boys Inc.
Grubhub Holdings Inc.
Razor Merger Sub LLC
HRG
COMMUNITY FIRST INC
iStar Inc
Yinuo Technologies LTD
EMMIS COMMUNICATIONS CORP
MARRIOTT VACATIONS WORLDWIDE Corp
Praxair Inc.
Madden Heritage Foundation
Bank of America Corporation
ACORN ENERGY INC
ATLANTIC ACQUISITION INC
Investor Group
Surge Holdings Inc
Aramark
Healthier Choices Management Corp
Workday Inc
Ozop Surgical Corp
PAI and MP Gulf of Mexico LLC
CREATIVE REALITIES INC
MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL INC
nora Management III Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG
725 E 11th LLC
TapInfluence Inc.
Silicon Solution Inc
Mutual Telecom Services Inc.
Pattern Energy Group Inc
Anvia Holdings Corp
Beam Merger Sub LLC
NewBridge Global Ventures Inc
Scott-Rice Telephone Co.
Sky plc
Dunbar Armored Inc.
Fortis Advisors LLC
DarkPulse Inc
WRKCo
FS KKR Capital Corp
One Horizon Group Inc
RCGR Sub Inc
HighPoint
Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust V Inc
Discovery Inc
Spark Therapeutics Inc
MEREDITH CORP
Humana Inc.
Landi Renzo S.p.A.
Mad Creek Farm LLC
CAPELLA EDUCATION CO
OceanFirst Financial Corp
Mid Penn Bancorp Inc
AUTODESK INC
Zoompass Holdings Inc
Cosmos Holdings Inc
Green Plains Inc
A2iA Group II S.A.S.
Apergy
CEXXI Inc.
Marketo Inc
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
Green Plains Partners LP
Brennan Investment Group
TW Westlake Village Inc.
LyondellBasell Industries NV
Tallgrass Equity LLC
MLN AcquisitionCo ULC
SANDY SPRING BANCORP INC
Blue Buffalo
Tallgrass Energy LP
SONOCO PRODUCTS CO
PayPal Holdings Inc
SemGroup Corp
Echelon Corporation
US ECOLOGY INC
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
Nova TV d.d.
LEXINGTON REALTY TRUST
CM2.COM Inc.
Far East Consortium International Limited
Camelot Holdings Ltd.
American Railcar Industries Inc
Union Bankshares Corp
Brothers Production Properties Ltd.
Spectrum Brands Legacy Inc.
WASHINGTON GAS LIGHT CO
Amneal Pharmaceuticals Inc
VALIDUS HOLDINGS LTD
MedPlast LLC
IZEA Inc
Talk Focus Sdn Bhd
Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc
Results Based Outsourcing Inc
Oregon timberlands
Ankura Consulting Group LLC
E-motion
Hudson Merger Sub Corp
Cardinal Exploration and Production Company
Chaveroo Minerals Inc.
AETNA INC PA
GPT Operating Partnership LP
WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc
Hopmeadow Acquisition Inc.
Writ Media Group Inc
Enertrade Electric LLC
United Bank
ENTELLUS MEDICAL
Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc
Red Violet Inc
PeopleDoc
Cardiff Lexington Corporation
EXP World Holdings Inc
Fangguan Electronics
McDermott Bidco
Sparrow Merger Sub Inc.
LINN ENERGY INC
Serengeti Eyewear Inc.
RCP Barteca Corp.
TOTAL SYSTEM SERVICES INC
Navigant Consulting Inc
Veoneer Inc
West Coast Energy Properties Limited Partnership
Blink Charging Co
Sullivans of Indiana Inc.
Terramar Retail Centers LLC
Veritone Inc
Reven Housing REIT Inc
Campbeltown
Boat Holdings
Greenfield Farms Food Inc
Human Brands International Inc.
NI Holdings Inc
InVision Software
Time Inc
UR Merger Sub IV Corporation
SEACOR HOLDINGS INC NEW
CNX Midstream Partners LP
SNYDER S LANCE INC
Ondas
Apptio Inc
ForSaleByOwner.com LLC
SEMPRA ENERGY
Magnum Oil Tools GP LLC
Golden Ridge Rice Mills LLC
FCX Performance Inc
KINDRED HEALTHCARE INC
Aravive Biologics Inc
Cavium Inc.
PBF Logistics LP
The Peoples Bank
Verscend
Allstream Business U.S. LLC
MicroPort Cardiac Rhythm B.V.
HERSHEY CO
Direct Auto Insurance Company
Thunder Ridge Transport Inc.
River Financial Corp
DLT Resolution Inc
POTASH CORP OF SASKATCHEWAN INC
Cogint Inc
IIOT OXYS Inc
Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC
Noble Vici Private Limited
AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc
Mount TAM Biotechnologies Inc
Hines Global REIT Properties LP
ADEXCOMM
HRG SPV Sub II LLC
CHICAGO BRIDGE IRON CO N V
Wright Investors Service Holdings Inc
TF Corporate Services LLC
RSP Permian Inc.
Galenfeha Inc.
United Rentals Inc
DPL INC
SCIOInspire Holdings Inc.
TRAVELCENTERS OF AMERICA LLC
Rentlytics Inc.
Northern Power Systems Corp
660 86 LLC
Post Holdings Inc
POLARITYTE INC
Albemarle Corporation
PMG
LIFETIME BRANDS INC
Interboro Holdings Inc
CARRIZO OIL GAS INC
Hunter MergerCo Inc.
Lobster Merger Sub Inc.
Greenlink International Inc
FES
Olaregen Therapeutix Inc.
Shareholder Representative Services LLC
Devon Gas Services L.P.
Gianni Versace S.p.A.
Pahlmeyer Acquisition Sub Inc.
US Alliance Corp
CB&I Newco
Target Group Inc
CapStar Financial Holdings Inc
OMP GP LLC
CIC
B.V.
Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II Inc
Welltower Inc
Forest Investment Associates L.P.
Winthrop Realty Liquidating Trust
SIR Jefferson LLC
AMEDICA Corp
8th Avenue Food & Provisions Inc.
STRYKER CORP
Acology Inc
GMCI Corp.
AcqCo LLC
Ltd
Liberty Global plc
Wealth Health and Life Advisors LLC
Third Point Enhanced LP
Simple Cork Inc
Link Media Omaha LLC
GEODynamics Partners LLC
Del Frisco s Restaurant Group Inc
MuleSoft Inc.
TEMPUR SEALY INTERNATIONAL INC
FMG Outdoor Holdings LLC
AIR T INC
REIT Merger Sub LLC
BLACK CREEK INDUSTRIAL REIT IV Inc
West Texas LPG Pipeline L.P.
Veoneer
Dario Kachel
GEM Holdings Ltd.
360TGTX Inc
Third Street Ventures LLC
Royal
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL INC DE
US VR Global Inc.
MICRONET ENERTEC TECHNOLOGIES INC
Buyer Survivor LLC
