Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. manufactures biopharmaceutical products. The Company develop and distributes novel therapeutics based on the biology of hypoxia inducible factor (HIF) for patients with kidney diseases. Akebia Therapeutics serves customers in the United States.
RSI Communities RS Equity Management LLC
Global Small and Medium Sized Enterprise Incubation Listed Promotion Association Limited
Azar Computer Software Services, Inc. provides subscriber billing, management, and broadband authorization solutions for telecommunications industry. It offers CATvMaster, a subscriber billing and management software that manages the daily and periodic billing operations for small to medium-sized cable television and wireless television service providers; and DigiLink that provides tools required to interface with analog and digital addressable providers managing digital service deployment to subscribers. The company also provides CATvIP that enables CSR's to provide broadband services and exchange broadband equipment from workstations; CATvWEB that enables customers to order pay per view movies and events from the Web site; and CATv Customer Care, an online payment and customer care portal. Its solutions are licensed as a client hosted in-house solution or as an ASP solution. The company was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC provides stock transfer and employee plan services to public companies in the United States and internationally. It offers transfer agent services that include transfer agency and registrar, investment plan, closed-end mutual fund, disbursement agent, initial public offering, and shareholder services; corporate action and reorganization administration services, such as tender, paying agent, exchange agent, subscriptions, divestitures, and trustee services; and proxy and annual meeting services. The company also provides employee plan services, including stock option plans, restricted stock awards and units, performance awards, employee stock purchase plans, FAS 123 (R)/ASC 718 reporting, stock appreciation rights, and share save/SAYE; asset recovery services, which comprise escheatment and unclaimed property, lost shareholder searches, post-merger cleanups, odd-lot programs, and shareholder communications; and mutual fund proxy services. In addition, it offers investment management and debt services; ownership intelligence services that include capital markets consulting, credit markets intelligence, tax audit studies, and regulatory compliance; and communication and print services, including document creation and management, EDGAR filing, graphics and design, variable imaging and data technologies, document delivery platforms, and mutual to stock data processing and print services. Further, the company offers mutual-to-stock conversion services. Its clients range from initial public offerings to Fortune 100 companies. The company was founded in 1971 and is based in Brooklyn, New York. It has presence in Australia, Canada, India, New Zealand, South Africa, Hong Kong, and the United Kingdom. American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Link Market Services Limited.
BioTime
Great Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. provides banking solutions. Great Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. was founded in 1981 and is based in New Roads, Louisiana. TX
Cord Blood America Inc
Cabot Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg
General Cannabis Corporation provides services to the regulated cannabis industry. The Company does this through operating divisions such as security, marketing, operational consulting, apparel, wholesale supply products, real estate and financing.
Driven Deliveries Inc.
ECS Federal, LLC provides information technology services to military, federal civilian, and commercial clients. It offers cybersecurity, cloud, software and system, information technology modernization, contracting, and science and engineering services. ECS Federal, LLC was formerly known as Electronic Consulting Services, Inc. and changed its name to ECS Federal, LLC in December 2012. The company was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Fairfax, Virginia. As of April 2, 2018, ECS Federal, LLC operates as a subsidiary of ASGN Incorporated.
South Jersey Industries, Inc. is an energy services holding company. The Company provides regulated, natural gas service to residential, commercial, and industrial customers in southern New Jersey. South Jersey also markets total energy management services, including natural gas, electricity, demand-side management, and consulting services throughout the eastern United States.
Westwater Resources, Inc. explores and develops mineral resources essential to clean energy production. The Company focuses on exploration and production of lithium and uranium metals which are used in a wide range of battery and other industrial applications. Westwater Resources serves customers in the United States and Turkey.
Centerpoint Energy Midstream, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of CenterPoint Energy, Inc.
Zeus Merger Sub Inc.
TDC Communications LLC
Warner Music Group Corp. operates as a music-based content company in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Recorded Music and Music Publishing. The Recorded Music segment is involved in the discovery and development of artists, as well as the related marketing, distribution, and licensing of recorded music produced by such artists. This segment also specializes in marketing its music catalog through compilations and reissuances of previously released music and video titles. It conducts its operation primarily through a collection of record labels, such as Warner Bros. Records and Atlantic Records, as well as Asylum, Big Beat, Canvasback, East West, Elektra, Erato, FFRR, Fueled by Ramen, Nonesuch, Parlophone, Reprise, Roadrunner, Sire, Spinnin’, Warner Classics, and Warner Music Nashville. This segment markets, sells, and licenses recorded music in various physical formats, including CDs, vinyl, and DVDs; and digital formats, such as downloads and streaming. The Music Publishing segment owns and acquires rights to approximately one million musical compositions comprising pop hits, American standards, folk songs, and motion picture and theatrical compositions. Its catalog includes approximately 70,000 songwriters and composers; and a range of genres, including pop, rock, jazz, classical, country, R&B, hip-hop, rap, reggae, Latin, folk, blues, symphonic, soul, broadway, techno, alternative, and gospel. This segment also administers the music and soundtracks of various third-party television and film producers and studios; and operates production music library. The company was founded in 1929 and is headquartered in New York, New York. Warner Music Group Corp. operates as a subsidiary of AI Entertainment Holdings LLC.
Landmark Bancshares Inc.
Portfolio Of Six Wind And Solar Generation Assets In Ontario, Canada Of NextEra Energy Partners, LP comprises solar and wind electricity generating projects.
BREIT GP
Aravive, Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. The Company develops therapeutic proteins for the treatment of metabolic diseases and endocrine disorders. Aravive serves patients in the United States.
alifornia Lyon
JetPay Corporation provides debit and credit card processing, payroll, human capital management (HCM) and card services to businesses and their employees in the United States. The company operates through two segments, Payment Services and HR and Payroll Services. It offers debit and credit processing and automated clearing house payment services to small and medium-sized businesses, as well as to large entities, which processes Internet transactions and recurring billings; and HCM services, including payroll, tax filing, time and attendance, HR, and other related services to small and medium-sized employers. The company also provides transaction processing services, such as end-to-end encryption and tokenization; high speed network and authorization; batch processing; gift cards; fraud protection; and Website or payment application services; and MAGIC, a payments gateway that provides real-time integrated solutions to merchants. In addition, it provides low-cost money management and payment services to unbanked and under-banked employees through prepaid debit cards. The company was formerly known as Universal Business Payment Solutions Acquisition Corporation and changed its name to JetPay Corporation in August 2013. JetPay Corporation is headquartered in Allentown, Pennsylvania.
Boyd TCV, LP operates as a subsidiary of Boyd Gaming Corporation.
Walker Lane Exploration, Inc. is a early-stage exploration company. The Company gold and silver prospects within the United States.
IVG Holdings S Corporation
Merit Medical Systems, Inc., Malvern Division, a medical device company, engages in the design, development, manufacture, and sale of Class II and Class III single-use medical devices for OEM customers in the United States and internationally. The company focuses on catheter based vascular access and vascular device delivery medical devices for diagnostic and therapeutic procedures in cardiac rhythm management, electrophysiology, interventional cardiology, and interventional radiology markets. Its products include a splittable hemostatic introducer system; a fixed curve braided transseptal sheath system; and a transseptal needle. The company’s products are used by electrophysiologists, interventional cardiologists, and radiologists. It distributes its medical devices through partners. Merit Medical Systems, Inc., Malvern Division was formerly known as Thomas Medical Products, Inc. As a result of the acquisition of Thomas Medical Products, Inc. by Merit Medical Systems, Inc., its name was changed. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Malvern, Pennsylvania. As of December 19, 2012, Merit Medical Systems, Inc., Malvern Division operates as a subsidiary of Merit Medical Systems, Inc.
Ocean Bio Chem Inc
TB Acquisition LLC
VOG Palo Verde LP was incorporated in 2017 and is based in New York, New York.
Intelligent Product Solutions Inc designs and develops software applications, UX/UI, industrial design, IoT systems, and mechanical and electrical engineering products. The company’s specialties include wearables, medical devices, smart displays and vending, security screening, home security, and energy storage products. It also develops consumer and enterprise, mobile, experience design, and platforms and expertise applications. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in Hauppauge, New York. Intelligent Product Solutions Inc operates as a subsidiary of Forward Industries, Inc.
THL Equity Fund VIII Investors (PB), LLC was incorporated in 2018 and is based in the United States.
1911 Trust Company, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. It also provides estate planning and tax services. The firm provides its services to individuals and families. It manages separate client focused accounts. The firm invests in the alternative asset markets. 1911 Trust Company, LLC is based in Beverly, Massachusetts.
MeridianRx, LLC provides pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) technology solutions. Its meridianrx live integrated network (MERLIN) provides users with custom reporting tools, live system access, and secure web-based portals. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Detroit, Michigan. As of September 4, 2018, MeridianRx, LLC operates as subsidiary of The WellCare Management Group, Inc.
Independent Bank Corp. (Hanover, Massachusetts) is based in Hanover, Massachusetts. Independent Bank Corp. (Hanover, Massachusetts) operates as a subsidiary of Independent Bank Corp.
American Lorain Corporation
CNX Gathering LLC
Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings, LLC, through its interest in Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P., develops, constructs, owns, and operates liquefied natural gas (LNG) regasification facilities at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal located on the Sabine-Neches Waterway. It also owns a 94-mile pipeline, which interconnects the Sabine Pass LNG terminal with various interstate pipelines. The company was founded in 2013 and is based in Houston, Texas. Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings, LLC is a subsidiary of Cheniere Energy, Inc.
Hometown Bancshares, Inc. (Corbin, KY) operates as a bank holding company. The company is based in Corbin, Kentucky.
Mountain Merger Sub Corporation
Commercial Engineers & Body Builders Company Ltd. builds truck and locomotive bodies. The Company produces dump truck, tanker, cargo box, skip-loader, garbage, troop carrier, prison van, fire engine and ambulance bodies, and locomotive, boxcar and passenger coach bodies.
Humilis Holdings Private Equity LP
Aetna Inc. operates as a health care benefits company in the United States. It operates through three segments: Health Care, Group Insurance, and Large Case Pensions. The Health Care segment offers medical, pharmacy benefit management service, dental, behavioral health, and vision plans on an insured and employer-funded basis. It also provides point-of-service, preferred provider organization, health maintenance organization, and indemnity benefit plans, as well as health savings accounts and consumer-directed health plans. In addition, this segment offers Medicare and Medicaid products and services, as well as other medical products, such as medical management and data analytics services, medical stop loss insurance, workers’ compensation administrative services, and products that provide access to its provider networks in select geographies. The Group Insurance segment offers life insurance products, including group term life insurance, voluntary spouse and dependent term life insurance, group universal life insurance, and accidental death and dismemberment insurance; disability insurance products; and long-term care insurance products, which provide the benefits to cover the cost of care in private home settings, adult day care, assisted living, or nursing facilities. The Large Case Pensions segment manages various retirement products comprising pension and annuity products primarily for tax-qualified pension plans. The company provides its products and services to employer groups, individuals, college students, part-time and hourly workers, health plans, health care providers, governmental units, government-sponsored plans, labor groups, and expatriates. Aetna Inc. was founded in 1853 and is based in Hartford, Connecticut. As of November 28, 2018, Aetna Inc. operates as a subsidiary of CVS Pharmacy, Inc.
WMIH
FEDERATED NATIONAL HOLDING Co
Vertuous Canada and Pattern Energy Group LP
Planet Green Holdings Corp
Specialty Surgical Instrumentation Inc. manufactures medical devices. The company was founded in 1976 and is based in Antioch, Tennessee. Specialty Surgical Instrumentation Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Symmetry Surgical Inc.
BioVie Inc. is a developmental stage nano-biotechnology company. The Company discovers, develops, and distributes new classes of broad spectrum antibiotics for gram-negative and gram-positive bacterial infections.
Platinum Tax Defenders, LLC provides tax resolution, bookkeeping, and tax preparation and relief services for individuals and businesses. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Simi Valley, California. As of July 30, 2018, Platinum Tax Defenders, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Cardiff Lexington Corporation.
Identiv, Inc. develops and manufactures physical access control, identity management, and radio frequency identification systems. The Company's products are used in corporate employee identification (ID) cards, company email, information technology networks and facility access control, in national ID cards and passports, transport passes, banking and other uses.
NHIP II Bayonne Holdings LLC was incorporated in 2018 and is based in New York, New York.
AT&T
Scripps Networks Interactive Inc
Fresh Park Venlo B.V. grows and markets fruits and vegetables in the Netherlands. The company was formerly known as ZON Fresh Park and changed its name in 2009. The company was founded in 2000 and is based in Venlo, Netherlands. Fresh Park Venlo B.V. operates as a subsidiary of Coöperatieve Veiling Zuidoost-Nederland U.A.
AvComm and Wireless Test and Measurement businesses of Cobham plc
Voltari Corporation provides mobile data solutions to wireless service carriers. The Company offers mobile merchandising, marketing management, web portals, application framework, and advertising solutions. Voltari serves mobile operators, brands and advertising agencies around the world.
CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORP DE
DNFC LLC
National Energy Services Reunited Corp. provides oilfield services. The Company offers cementing, coiled tubing, filtration, stimulation, fracturing, directional drilling, testing, wireline logging, and rig services. National Energy Services Reunited serves serves customers worldwide.
Key Outdoor Inc. provides outdoor advertising billboard services to local, regional, and national advertisers in the United States. The company was founded in 1977 and is based in Bourbonnais, Illinois.
MPLX Logistics Holdings LLC was formerly known as Marathon Petroleum Logistics Holdings LLC. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Findlay, Ohio. MPLX Logistics Holdings LLC operates as a subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum Corporation.
Krausz Industries Development Ltd
NorthStar Real Estate Income II Inc
Advanced Energy Industries, Inc., Shanghai operates as a subsidiary of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc.
BPG OCOEE 1 LLC
Dover Corporation manufactures industrial products and manufacturing equipments. The Company's products includes printing, identification, marking and coding systems, waste handling, industrial equipments, refrigeration systems, display cases, industrial pumps, fuel dispensers, nozzles, piping, and electronic tank gauge equipments. Dover serves customers worldwide.
Dobson Technologies Transport and Telecom Solutions LLC
New Age Health Sciences Holdings Inc.
Stamps.com Inc. provides a service for purchasing and printing postage over the Internet. The Company enables users to print information based indicia and electronic stamps directly onto envelopes, labels, and business documents using laser and inkjet printers.
California Sullivans Inc.
Central Steel and Wire Company distributes processed and unprocessed ferrous and nonferrous metals in the Midwest. The company offers structural steel products, including angles and channels, bar angles and channels, bar tees, I beams, MC channels, rails, and wide flange beams; and steel plates. It also provides steel sheets and coils, such as abrasion resistant, coated, cold rolled, CQ 1050, HSLA, low carbon commercial and structural, and spring steel sheets; coated, cold rolled, HSLA, and low carbon commercial coils; and cold rolled DSAK coils and sheets. In addition, the company offers hot rolled and cold finished carbon, and alloy steel bars; steel tubes and pipes; stainless steel angles, bars, coils, pipes, plates, sheets, and tubes; and aluminum bus bars, bars, coils, extrusions, pipes, plates, shapes, sheets, structural products, tubes, and wires. Further, it provides copper and brass bars, coils, pipes, plates, sheets, tubing products, and wires; and bronze bars, bushings, coils, plates, sheets, and tubing products. Additionally, the company offers floor and safety products comprising alum expanded metals, expanded steel gratings, floor plates, gratings, Morton safety products, steel expanded metals, and tread plates; round drill rods; and aluminum, brass, copper, and steel flat and round wires, as well as steel strappings. The company serves mining and construction, fabricator, electrical equipment, lawn/garden equipment, appliance and food service, industrial machinery, agriculture, machine and job shop, automotive and truck, material handling, energy, fitness and recreational, waste handling, medical equipment, and service center industries. Central Steel and Wire Company was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. As of July 2, 2018, Central Steel and Wire Company operates as a subsidiary of Joseph T. Ryerson & Son, Inc.
Kendall College, LLC is an educational institution that offers undergraduate degrees in business, culinary arts, early childhood education, and hospitality management. The institution was founded in 1934 and is based in Chicago, Illinois. As of July 16, 2008, Kendall College operates as a subsidiary of Laureate Education Inc.
P Energy E&P Company L.P.
Brunswick Corporation
AGC Inc
StockCross Financial Services, Inc. operates as a financial services company. It offers online trading and money management services, as well as engages in the execution and trading of foreign and domestic equity orders; investment research of various asset classes, including equities, convertible bonds, and corporate bonds; and foreign security and currency settlements. The company also provides portfolio analysis, money markets and CD's, bonds, IRA, mutual funds, new issues, unit investment trusts, and managed money advisory services. It offers services in the areas of preferred and convertible securities, distressed equities, distressed/bankruptcies, rare bank stocks, and rare and inactive securities, as well as special purpose acquisition companies. The company serves individuals, institutions, broker dealers, and asset managers. StockCross Financial Services, Inc. was formerly known as Stockcross, Inc. and changed its name in 2002. StockCross Financial Services, Inc. was founded in 1971 and is based in Beverly Hills, California.
CAPAX INC
SpringCM Inc. develops and delivers cloud-based document management software. It offers contract management system application that lets the client to streamline the contract lifecycle from contract creation through negotiation, approvals, signature, archiving, and renewals; a digital asset management system to automate various processes and workflows around managing content, share, and collaborate; and a software application that enables customers to manage sales quotes, proposals, and contracts generated with configuration price quote software. The company offers its solutions to store, organize, and make content easier to search and find; and share and collaborate inside or outside the organization. It also offers consulting, training, and support services. The company’s software is deployed as Software-as-a-Service and is available on Web browser from any device or application, including mobile. It offers its software for financial services providers, legal firms, advertisement agencies and media companies, and the public sector. SpringCM Inc. was formerly known as DocExchange, Inc. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. As of September 4, 2018, SpringCM Inc. operates as a subsidiary of DocuSign, Inc..
CTI
Axos Financial Inc
AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. provides property and casualty insurance in the United States and internationally. The company operates in three segments: Small Commercial Business, Specialty Risk and Extended Warranty, and Specialty Program. The Small Commercial Business segment offers workers’ compensation insurance products; and commercial package, and other property and casualty insurance products, such as commercial property, general liability, inland marine, employment practices liability, commercial automobile, and umbrella coverage to small businesses. The Specialty Risk and Extended Warranty segment provides custom designed coverages, such as accidental damage plans, mechanical breakdown protection, and payment protection plans in connection with the sale of consumer and commercial goods; and coverage for niche property, casualty, and specialty liability risks comprising general liability, employers’ liability, and professional and medical liability. The Specialty Program segment offers workers’ compensation, general liability, commercial auto liability, property coverage, excess and surplus lines programs, and other specialty commercial property and casualty insurance products to small and middle market companies. The company also provides reinsurance services primarily for personal and commercial automotive business. It distributes its policies third-party brokers, agents, retailers, or administrators. AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. was founded in 1998 and is based in New York, New York. As of November 29, 2018, AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. was taken private. Inc
Coeur Mining, Inc. operats as a mining company. The Company explores, develops, operates, and owns silver and gold mining properties. Coeur Mining serves customers globally.
Keppel-KBS Westpark LLC
Steadfast Income REIT, Inc. is a real estate investment trust that was formed to acquire and operate a diverse portfolio of real estate investments focused primarily on the multifamily sector, including stable, income-producing and value-added properties. Steadfast Income REIT, Inc. is sponsored by Steadfast REIT Investments, LLC, an affiliate of Steadfast Companies, an Orange County, California-based group of affiliated real estate investment and operating companies that acquire, develop and manage real estate in the U.S. and Mexico.
Naked Brand Group, Inc. manufactures underwear products. The Company offers boxers, boxer briefs, briefs, and men's undershirts.
CSPI LTD
Klondex Mines Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, acquires, explores, develops, and produces mineral properties in the United States and Canada. It primarily explores for gold and silver deposits. The company holds 100% interests in the Fire Creek mine covering approximately 19,000 acres located in Lander County; the Midas mine and ore milling facility covering approximately 30,000 acres situated in Elko County; and the Hollister mine approximately 18,000 acres located in Elko County. It also has 100% interests in the True North gold mine and mill covering approximately 39,868 hectares situated in Manitoba, Canada; and the Aurora mine and ore milling facility covering approximately 5,004 contiguous acres located in Nevada, as well as in the Ogama-Rockland property in Manitoba, Canada. The company was formerly known as Attila Resources Limited and changed its name to Klondex Mines Ltd. in October 1974. Klondex Mines Ltd. was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Reno, Nevada. As of July 20, 2018, Klondex Mines Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Hecla Mining Company.
Invesque and Invesque Holdings LP
Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (“BREIT” or the “Company”) was formed on November 16, 2015 as a Maryland corporation and qualified as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2017. The Company invests primarily in stabilized income-oriented commercial real estate in the United States and to a lesser extent, in Real Estate-Related Securities. The Company is the sole general partner of BREIT Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“BREIT OP”). BREIT Special Limited Partner L.P. (the “Special Limited Partner”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Blackstone Group L.P. (together with its affiliates, “Blackstone”), owns a special limited partner interest in BREIT OP. Substantially all of the Company’s business is conducted through BREIT OP. The Company and BREIT OP are externally managed by BX REIT Advisors L.L.C. (the “Adviser”), an affiliate of Blackstone.
Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. is an ad tech company focusing on connecting Fans (consumers) and Brands through Online, Social and Mobile Platforms. Mobiquity attempts to revolutionize location-based mobile marketing platforms by creating a Universal Location Based Mobile Marketing Ecosystem through a single platform.
Granite Construction Incorporated is a heavy civil construction and transportation contractor serving both public and private sector clients. The Company concentrates on infrastructure projects, including the construction of roads, bridges, dams, tunnels, mass transit facilities, and airports. Granite also performs site preparation services for the private sector.
SP Investor Holdings LLC
Volt Merger Sub
Starbucks Corporation retails, roasts, and provides its own brand of specialty coffee. The Company operates retail locations worldwide and sells whole bean coffees through its sales group, direct response business, supermarkets, and on the world wide web. Starbucks also produces and sells bottled coffee drinks and a line of ice creams.
Emclaire Financial Corp. is the holding company for The Farmers National Bank of Emlenton. The Bank operates as a full-service community bank, offering a variety of financial services, including accepting time and demand deposits and originating secured and unsecured commercial and consumer loans.
Park Electrochemical Corp. is a global advanced materials company. The Company develops and manufactures high-technology digital and RF/microwave printed circuit materials principally for the telecommunications and internet infrastructure and high-end computing markets and advanced composite materials, parts and assemblies for the aerospace markets.
CNX Gas Company LLC produces, markets, and sells coal bed methane and gas. The company produces and distributes natural gas. It also offers drilling services. The company was incorporated in 2001 and is based in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania. CNX Gas Company LLC operates as a subsidiary of CNX Resources Corporation.
IVED
Excel Corporación is a private equity firm. The firm was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Spain.
Xspand Products Lab Inc
Vista Outdoor Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets consumer products in the outdoor sports and recreation market. The Company has spun-off Alliant Techsystems Inc. Vista Outdoor operates in the United States.
Everbridge, Inc. operates as an enterprise software company. The Company provides applications that automate the delivery of critical information to help keep people safe and businesses running. Everbridge offers a software-as-a-service platform that deliver messaging to a large group of people during critical situations.
Zenergy Brands, Inc. operates as a technology firm engaged in energy and utilities space. The Company provides building automation systems, retail energy, and energy conservation solutions to commercial and industrial users. Zenergy Brands serves energy industry in the United States.
Vulcan Global, LLC was incorporated in 2011 and is based in the United States.
Hammer Fiber Optics Holdings Corp. operates as an investment holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, specializes in the financing and development of fiber and wireless broadband based assets. Hammer Fiber Optics Holdings serves customers in the United States.
Christopher Headrick
Meter Readings Holding Group, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Hubbell Incorporated.
Covia Holdings Corp
Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc., an exploration and production company, engages in the acquisition, development, exploitation, and operation of oil and natural gas properties in the United States Gulf Coast region. It primarily operates properties offshore on the Gulf of Mexico Shelf, as well as onshore in Louisiana and Texas. As of December 31, 2017, the company had total proved reserves of 88.2 million barrel of oil equivalent; and operated or had an interest in 577 gross producing wells on 421,974 net developed acres, including interests in 55 producing fields. Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas. As of October 18, 2018, Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of MLCJR LLC.
WorldPay US, Inc. provides local in-store, online, and mobile payment acceptance solutions for the U.S.-based merchants. Its solutions include card terminals, MOTO/virtual terminal, mobile payments, and integrated cash register systems; and card payments over the telephone or by mail order; and mid-market ecommerce and small business online solutions. The company also provides value added services, such as equipment replacement and supplies, gift cards, loyalty cards, security, EMV, working capital, and QuickBooks plug-in; and multi-location and face to face services that include direct debit, online chargeback monitoring, payment types, service, security, and mobile payments. In addition, it offers online solutions, which include card payments, alternative payments, fraud and risk management, mobile payments, treasury services, gateway services, data and analytics, and optimization; and ecommerce solutions to airlines, digital content, gambling, retail, travel, and video games industries. WorldPay US, Inc. was formerly known as RBS WorldPay, Inc. and changed its name to WorldPay US, Inc. in December, 2010. The company was founded in 1989 and is based in Atlanta, Georgia. WorldPay US, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Worldpay Group plc.
Adtalem Global Education Inc. owns and manages higher education institution. The Institution offers undergraduate and graduate programs in healthcare, law, business management, engineering and technology, sciences, liberal and media arts, and nursing. Adtalem Global Education serves students worldwide.
L.L.C.
Annaly Capital Management, Inc. is a capital manager that invests in and finances residential and commercial assets. The company's principal business objective is to generate net income for distribution to its stockholders through capital preservation, prudent selection of investments, and continuous management of its portfolio. The company operates as a REIT.
Markit North America, Inc. provides asset pricing, forecasting, and research services to financial sector. The company was incorporated in 2000 and is based in New York, New York. Markit North America, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of IHS Markit Ltd.
Pivot Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a biopharmaceutical research company. The Company focuses on the development and repositioning of existing drugs to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Pivot Pharmaceuticals conducts business in Canada.
Taylor Morrison Homes Corporation operates as a homebuilder. The Company builds single-family detached and attached homes, as well as develops lands which includes lifestyle and master planned communities. Taylor Morrison Homes serves customers in the United States.
Waves Merger Sub I Inc
Legacy Reserves Inc. operates as an energy company. The Company focuses on development, production, and acquisition of oil and natural gas properties. Legacy Reserves serves customers in the United States.
B4MC GOLD MINES INC
Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. develops, markets, and distributes better-for-you snack products in North America and internationally. The company provides ready-to-eat popcorn in various flavors, including original, white cheddar, sea salt and black pepper, naturally sweet, dusted dark chocolate, and jalapeño, as well as microwaveable popcorn and popcorn cakes under the SkinnyPop brand name; kettle cooked potato chips or crisps, vegetable crisps, premium popcorn, and tortilla chips under the Tyrrells brand name; and tortilla chips in sea salt delights, nacho cheese especial, wild wild ranch, roasted jalapeño, grilled habanero, cool salsa verde, and haunted ghost pepper flavors under the Paqui brand name. It also offers protein snack bars; and BFY cookies in peanut butter, chocolate chip, and white chocolate macadamia flavors under the Oatmega brand, as well as protein bars for kids in chocolate chip, chocolate peanut butter, cinnamon roll and peanut, and butter and jelly flavors under the Oatmega Kids brand name. In addition, the company provides a range of corn, potato, and vegetable chips under the Thomas Chipman brand name; and snacks for health-conscious consumer, including popcorn and legume based chips under the Wholesome Food Company brand name. Further, it offers hand cooked potato chips under the Lisa's Chips, Lisa's Organic Chips, 3 Länder Chips, and Mr. Jo's brand names. The company offers its products through direct sales in combination with sales brokerage firms; and natural and conventional grocery, drug, convenience, club, food service, mass merchandise, and independent food distributor channels, as well as over the Internet through third-party Websites. The company was formerly known as TA Holdings 1, Inc. and changed its name to Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. in June 2015. Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas. As of January 31, 2018, Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of The Hershey Company.
Viavi Solutions Inc. provides network and service enabling solutions and optical products. The Company offers installation, commissioning, scripting, custom analytics, integration, business intelligence consulting, operational assistance, field and lab testing, technical training, maintenance, and support services. Viavi Solutions serves customers worldwide.
NeoGenomics, Inc. operates a network of clinical laboratories that specializes in cancer genetics diagnostic testing services. The Company's services include cytogenetics, fluorescence in-situhybridization (FISH), flow cytometry, morphology, anatomic pathology, and molecular genetic testing. NeoGenomics serves pathologists, oncologists, urologists, and hospitals.
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company researches and develops specialized therapeutics for the treatment of diseases caused by antibodies. The Company is developing products to treat autoimmune conditions such as lupus and antibody-mediated stroke.
Enable GP, LLC operates as a general partner for Enable Midstream Partners, LP, which owns, operates, and develops natural gas and crude oil infrastructure assets in the United States. The company is based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Charles River Laboratories International Inc., Asset Management Arm is a privately owned investment manager.
Norma Investments Limited
Bain Capital Private Equity, LP is a private equity and venture capital firm specializing in investments in buyouts, expansion financing for growing companies, early stage venture, leveraged acquisitions, middle market, growth capital investments, going private transactions, industry consolidations, special situations, turnaround, joint ventures, and corporate divestitures. The firm seeks to invest in power generation, software, database development and management, direct marketing, dining, financial services, credit services, telecommunication services, information technology; including services, information data, hardware, and internet, broadcasting, media, healthcare, including devices/equipment, distribution/information providers, other medical products, industrial and manufacturing including, automotive, steel and non-ferrous metals, industrial equipment, engineered components, and business services; retail and consumer products including, traditional retailers, on-line merchandising, food and restaurants, and consumer services; and financial including banking, credit cards, insurance, mortgage, brokerage, exchanges, transaction processing, infrastructure, energy, education, materials, industrials, consumer discretionary, utilities, and food production sectors. Within life sciences, the firm seeks to invest in biopharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, medical device, diagnostics, and enabling life science technology companies globally. The firm focuses on global investments in companies based in North America; Europe with a focus on Western Europe, France, and Benelux (Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg); Asia with a focus on China, India, and Japan and lesser emphasis on Southeast Asia, Korea, and Australia. It seeks to invest between $5 million and $1 billion in companies having enterprise values between ¥30,000 million ($250.93 million) and ¥100,000 million ($836.46 million). In China, the fund seeks to invest in early stage companies and take majority and minority stakes. Within Japan, the fund prefers to invest in buyouts of mature middle-market companies or divisions and subsidiaries of corporations looking to divest. It prefers to take a Board seat in its portfolio companies. Bain Capital Private Equity, LP was founded in 1984 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts with additional offices in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. It operates as a subsidiary of Bain Capital, LLC.
Pegasus Real Estate Investment Group, LLC was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida.
Campbell and Twist Merger Sub Inc
Linde Public Limited Company operates as a chemical company. The Company produces and distributes industrial gases, as well as provides engineering services. Linde serves customers worldwide.
Agrium Inc. retails various agricultural products and services in the United States, Canada, Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and Uruguay. The company operates through Retail and Wholesale business units. The Retail business unit markets crop nutrients, crop protection products, seeds, and merchandise products, as well as provides application, financial, and other agronomic services through approximately 1,500 retail locations. The Wholesale business unit manufactures, mines, and markets a range of crop nutrients, including nitrogen-based, potash, and phosphate-based crop nutrient products; and produces ammonium sulfate products and Environmentally Smart Nitrogen polymer-coated nitrogen crop nutrients, as well as purchases and resells crop nutrient products. The company was incorporated in 1992 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada. Agrium Inc. is a subsidiary of Nutrien Ltd.
Northwest Pipe Company
HPQ Co
AIMCO Properties, L.P. is a real estate investment trust. It invests in real estate markets of United States. The firm engages in ownership, management and redevelopment of quality apartment communities located in the largest coastal and job growth markets in the United States. AIMCO Properties was founded in 1994 and is based in Denver, Colorado. AIMCO Properties LP operates as a subsidiary of Apartment Investment and Management Company.
Conitex Sonoco (BVI), Ltd. manufactures paper-based cones and tubes used in the textile industry. The company was founded in 1998 and is based in British Virgin Islands. Conitex Sonoco (BVI), Ltd. operates as a former subsidiary of Texpack Investments, Inc. As of October 1, 2018, Conitex Sonoco (BVI), Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Sonoco International (BVI), Inc.
President Chain Store Corporation
CNX Resources Corporation
CYS
Rafael Holdings Inc owns a commercial real estate business and has interest in pharmaceutical companies.
Boyd Gaming Corporation
Ferrellgas, L.P. distributes propane and related equipment primarily in the United States. It serves residential, industrial/commercial, portable tank exchange, agricultural, wholesale, and other customers in 50 states, as well as the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. Ferrellgas, Inc. operates as a general partner of Ferrellgas, L.P. The company was founded in 1994 and is based in Overland Park, Kansas. Ferrellgas, L.P. is a subsidiary of Ferrellgas Partners, L.P.
Pivotal Williston Basin II, LP engages in the production of oil and gas. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in the United States. Pivotal Williston Basin II, LP operates as a subsidiary of Pivotal Petroleum Partners LP.
PGT Innovations, Inc. produces building products. The Company offers windows, doors, and other related products. PGT Innovations serves customers worldwide.
Valley Forge Convention Center Partners, LP operates Valley Forge Casino Resort, a casino and gaming resort. The company offers business center, fitness center, health spa, nightclubs, banquet, and on-site restaurants and lounges. It also provides wedding reception services. Valley Forge Convention Center Partners, LP is based in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. As of September 17, 2018, Valley Forge Convention Center Partners, LP operates as a subsidiary of Boyd Gaming Corporation.
K2M Group Holdings, Inc., a medical device company, provides spine and minimally invasive solutions in the United States and internationally. The company offers implants, disposables, and instruments primarily to hospitals for use by spine surgeons to treat spinal pathologies, such as deformity, trauma, and tumor. Its complex spine products include EVEREST, MESA, and MESA 2 deformity spinal systems; NILE alternative and proximal fixation spinal systems; MESA rail deformity spinal systems; Cricket spinal correction rod reduction instrumentation; CAPRI corpectomy cage systems; MESA small stature, rail small stature, and mini spinal systems; SERENGETI complex spine minimally invasive retractor systems; RAVINE complex spine lateral access systems; SANTORINI corpectomy cage systems; YUKON OCT spinal systems; and PALO ALTO cervical static corpectomy cage systems. The company’s minimally invasive surgery products consist of EVEREST minimally invasive spinal and XT spinal, SERENGETI minimally invasive retractor, MOJAVE PL 3D expandable interbody, RAVINE lateral access, CASCADIA lateral 3D interbody, ALEUTIAN lateral interbody, and TERRA NOVA minimally invasive access systems. In addition, its degenerative spine products comprise EVEREST degenerative spinal, CASCADIA and ALEUTIAN interbody, SAHARA AL expandable stabilization, RHINE cervical disc, CHESAPEAKE interbody, PYRENEES cervical plate, and BLUE RIDGE hybrid cervical plate systems. Further, the company provides Balance ACS, a platform that includes tools to assist surgeons with obtaining authorization from healthcare insurers. K2M Group Holdings, Inc. markets and sells its products through direct sales employees, independent sales agencies, and distributor partners. The company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Leesburg, Virginia. As of November 9, 2018, K2M Group Holdings, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Stryker Corporation.
HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORP WA
EPOINT Payment Corp
ERBA Diagnostics, Inc. develops, manufactures, and markets test kits, laboratory instruments, and raw materials such as antigens. The Company's products perform diagnostic tests for the detection of disease. ERBA's products are sold to hospitals and clinical laboratories.
Milstein Entertainment LLC owns and operates gambling facilities. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Northfield, Ohio.
Gemini German Minority Holdco S. r.l.
Concho Resources Inc. acquires, develops, and explores for oil and natural gas properties. The Company operates in the Permian Basin area of Southeast New Mexico and West Texas.
Mozy, Inc. provides online back up and data access solutions for home and business environments in the United States and internationally. It offers MozyHome, a solution for non-commercial backup of clients’ personal files, including music, photos, home videos, and personal tax records; MozyPro software that protects business servers, laptops, and desktops; Mozy Stash, a file synchronization solution that enables users to keep their active data up to date; MozyEnterprise that offers IT controls for larger organizations; and applications for Android, iPhone, and iPad devices. The company offers its solutions through resellers. Mozy, Inc. was formerly known as Berkeley Data Systems Inc. and changed its name to Mozy, Inc. in April 2007. The company was founded in 2005 and is based in Seattle, Washington with additional offices in Pleasant Grove, Utah; London, United Kingdom; Cork, Ireland; and Shanghai, China. As of March 19, 2018, Mozy, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Carbonite, Inc.
Elevated Portfolio Holdings, LLC offers an online education platform catering to health and wellness practitioners. The company is based in Frisco, Texas.
Upland Software Inc provides cloud-based enterprise work management software. The Company offers software applications that enable organizations to plan, manage and execute projects and work.
Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. The Company researches in RNA-targeted drug discovery and development that focuses on drugs for patients who have unmet medical needs. Ionis Pharmaceuticals serves customers in the United States.
Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation, Non-Performing Assets comprises non-performing assets of Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation.
Perspecta Trust LLC operates as a trust and offers trust, investment, and business services. The company was formerly known as Latona Trust LLC and changed its name to Perspecta Trust LLC in April 2007. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in Hampton, New Hampshire.
Cannae Holdings, Inc. engages in the restaurant business. It owns and operates the O'Charley's, Ninety Nine, Village Inn, and Bakers Square restaurants; and food service concepts, as well as its Legendary Baking bakery. The company offers a range of services and software to employers, such as payroll, payroll related tax filing, human resource information systems, employee self-service, time and labor management, employee assistance and work-life programs, and recruitment and applicant screening. It provides Dayforce, a cloud solution that meets HCM needs with one employee record and one user experience throughout the application. Cannae Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 2017 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Aegis was incorporated in 2010 and is based in Ecully, France.
Blind Faith Concepts Inc
RW Holdings NNN REIT, Inc. is a Maryland corporation that has elected to qualify as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes. As of December 31, 2018, the Company owned (i) 24 operating properties, (ii) one parcel of land which currently serves as an easement to one of its office properties, (iii) an approximate 72.7% tenant-in-common interest in an office property, and (iv) an approximate 4.8% interest in REIT I.
Microchip Technology Inc., Certain Mobile Touch Business Assets comprises semiconductor products, equipment and patents, and a license to intellectual property and patents related to Microchip's Mobile Touch product line.
MidAmerica Surgery Institute Properties II, LLC was founded in 2005 and is based in Kansas City, Missouri.
VF
Property Located At 151 East 86th Street, New York comprises a real estate property and intends to be converted to a high rise multi use property. The property is located in New York, New York.
Time Warner Inc., ESOP is a is a principal investment firm.
Driven Acquisition Corp.
SCVNGR, Inc., doing business as LevelUp, provides mobile diner engagement and payment solutions for national and regional restaurant brands. The company was incorporated in 2008 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts. As of September 13, 2018, SCVNGR, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of GrubHub Holdings Inc.
Nationstar
World Professional Cabling Systems LLC
General Dynamics Corporation is a diversified defense company. The Company offers a broad portfolio of products and services in business aviation, combat vehicles, weapons systems, munitions, shipbuilding design and construction, information systems, and technologies.
Interface Europe B.V. manufactures floor covering products. The company manufactures carpet tiles, floor covering accessories, stairtreads, and bench matting, and floor runners. Interface Europe B.V. was formerly known as Interface Heuga B.V. The company is based in Scherpenzeel, the Netherlands. Interface Europe B.V. operates as a subsidiary of Interface, Inc.
Vulcan Sub Inc.
Wyndham Worldwide Operations, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Wyndham Worldwide Corporation.
Peabody Energy Corp., Coalbed Methane and Gas Interests comprises methane, natural gas and oil reserves spread over an area of approximately 860,000 acres in the Illinois Basin, West Virginia, New Mexico, and the Powder River Basin. Peabody Energy Corp. is based in St. Louis, Missouri.
ZIX Corporation provides logistical solutions for personal and corporate needs worldwide. It offers air freight, breakbulk service/project cargo, ocean freight, and event and fair trade logistics services. The company was incorporated in 1992 and is based in Coral Gables, Florida.
Hub Group, Inc. is a full-service transportation provider, offering intermodal, truck brokerage, and logistics services. The Company arranges for the movement of its customers' freight in containers and trailers over long distances. Hub Group operates through a nationwide network of hubs, located near significant concentrations of shipping customers and railheads.
NextEra Energy Partners LP owns, operates and acquires contracted clean energy projects including wind and solar.
Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on providing medicines for patients with kidney disease in the United States. It markets its lead product Auryxia (ferric citrate), an orally available, absorbable, iron-based medicine for the control of serum phosphorus levels in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) on dialysis, as well as for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adults with CKD not on dialysis. The company has strategic alliances with Japan Tobacco Inc. and Torii Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. for the development and commercialization of ferric citrate in Japan; and with Panion & BF Biotech, Inc. for the development and marketing of ferric citrate. Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. As of December 12, 2018, Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Akebia Therapeutics, Inc.
Rodin Global Property Trust, Inc. (“Rodin Global”), is a public, non-traded real estate investment trust (“REIT”) that intends to invest in and manage a diversified portfolio of income-producing net leased commercial properties located in the United States and select European countries.
Digital Turbine Media, Inc. develops and provides mobile performance solutions for developers, publishers, and advertisers in the United States and internationally. Its platform offers advertising solutions and management tools that enable to stay in control throughout campaigns; analytics and dashboards for application management; various online reporting formats; solutions to monitor campaign activity by platform, device, and region; and AppWall, a targeted application discovery tool that supports banner advertisements. The company’s platform also provides tools to monetize their advertisements; access to brands and agencies; integration methods that allow to integrate with advertisement servers; access to advertisement units; and reporting solutions that empower publishers to analyze performance while gaining insights into their optimization strategies. In addition, it offers tools that enable mobile application developers to increase revenue on Android and iOS platforms. Digital Turbine Media, Inc. was formerly known as Appia, Inc. and changed its name to Digital Turbine Media, Inc. in March 2015. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in Durham, North Carolina. It has additional offices worldwide. As of March 6, 2015, Digital Turbine Media, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Digital Turbine, Inc.
NorthStar II
ADEX Puerto Rico LLC provides wireless and wire line telecommunication services. The company is based in Alpharetta, Georgia. As of February 27, 2018, ADEX Puerto Rico LLC operates as a subsidiary of Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc.
EnerJex Resources, Inc., Lease in Franklin County comprises 24 producing oil wells which covers an area of 214-acres and is located in Kansas.
Hammond, Kennedy, Whitney & Company Inc. is a private equity firm specializing in investments in later stage, mature, management buyouts of privately owned businesses, subsidiaries, and divisions of corporations and public companies; industry consolidations; corporate divestitures; generational changes in ownership; recapitalization transactions; and growth equity investments. The firm seeks to invest in small and lower middle market companies with low risk of technological obsolescence. The firm is a generalist that seeks to invest in the medical devices; aerospace and defense; water infrastructure, oil and natural gas; telecommunication services; information technology; materials; specialty and recreational vehicles; automation processing equipment; industrial burners and combustion equipment; financials; healthcare; energy; nuclear; coal; niche manufacturing; and utility related infrastructure, with a focus on industrial manufacturing, services, consumer related and distribution companies. The firm prefers to invest in companies in Canada and United States of America. It seeks to invest from $5 million and more than $150 million in companies having an enterprise value between $10 million and $175 million. The firm seeks to invest in companies generating revenues between $20 million and $200 million, having an EBITDA between $5 million and $30 million, and having operating cash flow of at least $2 million. The platform transaction range is between $20 million to over $150 million with no minimum for add-on acquisitions. It typically makes equity investments that result in acquisition of control and does not have a minimum criterion for add-on acquisitions. It does not seek day-to-day control. Hammond, Kennedy, Whitney & Company Inc. was founded in 1903 and is based in Indianapolis, Indiana with additional offices in New York, New York; Chicago, Illinois; and Shanghai, China.
Crestmark
Hawaiian Telcom, Inc. offers local and long distance service, Internet, wireless services, and print directory and Internet directory services. The company was formerly known as Verizon Hawaii Inc. The company was incorporated in 1983 and is based in Honolulu, Hawaii. Hawaiian Telcom, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Hawaiian Telcom Communications, Inc.
Juvenescence AI Limited is a drug development and artificial intelligence company focused on ageing and age-related diseases. The company develops drugs using artificial intelligent tools and techniques. Juvenescence AI Limited was founded in 2017 and is headquartered in the United States.
Aesculap, Inc. manufactures and supplies surgical instruments, implants, and supplies. It offers bipolar forceps, aneurysm clips, cranial fixation, dura substitutes, hydrocephalus shunts, neurosurgical instruments, neuroendoscopy, and spine implants for neurosurgery applications and power systems, such as pneumatic systems for neuro and spine surgery, electric systems, and 3Ti dermatomes. The company provides surgical instruments, including cardiovascular instruments, general surgical instruments, laparoscopic instruments, neuro instruments, vessel sealers, RF generators, and retraction systems; wound closure products, including surgical sutures, mechanical sutures, tissue adhesives, hemostatic bone wax, and wound closure products for cardiovascular surgery; and drip lubricators, power systems drip lubricators, power systems oil sprays, oil sprays, and cleaners. In addition, it offers sterile processing solutions and services for instrument sterilization, such as surgical instrument and equipment repair, surgical instrument trays and instrument baskets with instrument holders for sterilization container systems, and instrument management systems; and pay-per-use programs, surgical asset management services, and instrument tracking software solutions. The company was founded in 1977 and is based in Center Valley, Pennsylvania with a distribution center in Hazelwood, Missouri. Aesculap, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Aesculap AG.
RhythmOne plc operates as an online advertising technology company that connects brands and audiences through digital advertising and content distribution primarily in the United States. The company provides RhythmMax, a platform that enables advertisers to reach and engage with their target audiences across mobile devices and screens It serves consumers, advertisers, and publishers through smartphones, tablets, other mobile devices, and computers. The company was formerly known as blinkx plc and changed its name to RhythmOne plc in June 2016. RhythmOne plc was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California. As of April 1, 2019, RhythmOne plc operates as a subsidiary of Taptica International Ltd.
GulfMark
Lola One Acquisition Corporation
AmOne
SM Acquisition Co. Inc.
Natural Resource Partners, LP provides environmental services. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Atlanta, Georgia.
Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. acquires, develops, and markets prescription products. The Company's target markets are critical care, emergency medicine, and gastroenterology.
Sullivans of North Carolina Inc.
Hecla Mining Company
Moriah Properties Limited
EG Group Limited is a holding company operating through its subsidiaries Euro Garages Limited and EFR Group BV. The company’s subsidiaries operate convenience stores based petrol station forecourts in the United Kingdom, France, and the Benelux countries. Its forecourt activities include operation bakeries, car wash, restaurants, hotels, and car rental. The company was formerly known as Intervias Group Limited and changed its name to EG Group Limited in September 2017. EG Group Limited was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Blackburn, United Kingdom.
Matrix Merger Sub
GenCanna Global Inc
Annaly Capital Management, Inc. is a capital manager that invests in and finances residential and commercial assets. The company's principal business objective is to generate net income for distribution to its stockholders through capital preservation, prudent selection of investments, and continuous management of its portfolio. The company operates as a REIT.
MTU America Inc. develops, manufactures, sells, and services engines, propulsion and drive systems, and distributed energy systems in North and Latin America. The company offers drive systems for land, marine, and rail applications, as well as plants for electric power generation. It also supplies spare parts and consumables for engines and systems; and engineered and remanufactured engines, systems, and service parts, as well as provides maintenance and service support. The company’s products are used in rail vehicles, construction equipment, commercial vessels, agricultural machines, military and governmental vessels, military vehicles, and yachts, as well as in industrial, mining, oil and gas industry, and electric power generation applications. It offers its products through dealers and distributors. MTU America Inc. was formerly known as Tognum America Inc. and changed its name to MTU America Inc. on January 9, 2014. The company was incorporated in 1978 and is based in Detroit, Michigan with sales offices in Novi, Michigan; Houston, Texas; Washington, D.C.; San Leandro, California; St. Rose, Louisiana; and Miami, Florida. It operates manufacturing facilities in Graniteville, South Carolina; and Mankato, Minnesota. MTU America Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Rolls-Royce Power Systems AG.
The Brink's Company, Natural Gas Business engages in exploration and production of natural gas. Natural Gas Business of The Brinks Co. is based in United States.
VirBELA, LLC develops and operates social virtual reality platform for business and education sector. The company was founded in 2012 and is based in La Jolla, California.
Southwestern Energy Co., Conventional Oil & Gas Assets in East Texas and Arkoma comprises oil and gas reserves. The reserves are located in the United States.
MIG Mobile Tech Berhad
MMA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC
WestRock Company provides corrugated packaging solutions. The Company offers merchandising displays, paperboard, folding cartons, kraft papers, protective packaging, and pulp. WestRock serves customers worldwide.
Humana Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a health and well-being company in the United States. The company offers medical and supplemental benefit plans to individuals. It also has contract with Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to administer the Limited Income Newly Eligible Transition prescription drug plan program; and contracts with various states to provide Medicaid, dual eligible, and long-term support services benefits. In addition, the company provides commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits comprising dental, vision, and other supplemental health and voluntary insurance benefits; financial protection products; and administrative services only products to individuals and employer groups, as well as military services, such as TRICARE South Region contract. Further, it offers pharmacy solutions, provider services, predictive modeling and informatics services, and clinical care services, such as home health and other services to its health plan members, as well as to third parties. As of December 31, 2018, the company had approximately 17 million members in medical benefit plans, as well as approximately 6 million members in specialty products. Humana Inc. was founded in 1961 and is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky.
Pitney Bowes Inc. sells, finances, rents, and services integrated mail and document management systems. The Company offers a full suite of equipment, supplies software and services for end-to-end mailstream solutions.
Voya Financial, Inc. provides retirement planning, investment, and insurance services. The Company offers asset accumulation, protection, and distribution products and services to individual and institutional customers in the United States.
Crown Holdings, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells packaging products for consumer goods through plants located in countries around the world. The Company's primary products include steel and aluminum cans for food, beverage, household, and other consumer products. Crown also provides a variety of metal caps, closures, and dispensing systems.
MVI Health Inc. designs and develops virtual reality platform for healthcare applications. The company was incorporated in 2017 and is based in Alameda, California. MVI Health Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Penumbra, Inc.
Pivotal Petroleum Partners II LP
Adobe Inc. develops, markets, and supports computer software products and technologies. The Company's products allow users to express and use information across all print and electronic media. Adobe offers a line of application software products, type products, and content for creating, distributing, and managing information.
Cincinnati Bell Inc. is a local exchange and wireless provider serving residential and business customers. The Company provides a range of telecommunications products and services to customers in Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana.
SUN BANCORP INC NJ
Interface, Inc. manufactures, markets, installs, and services products for the commercial and institutional interiors market. The Company provides modular carpet, panel fabrics for use in open plan office furniture systems, and complementary products, as well as carpet replacement, installation, and maintenance services. Interface markets its products around the world.
ASAP Property Holdings
National Commerce Corporation
KapStone
CASI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops biopharmaceutical products. The Company offers antiangiogenic solutions to cancer, cardiovascular disease, and macular degeneration. CASI Pharmaceuticals serves patients worldwide.
ETFS
New Amneal
OZOP (Guangdong) Medical Technology Co., Ltd. is based in China. The company operates as a subsidiary of Ozop Surgical Corp.
LumaSense Technology Holdings Inc.
Affinion Benefits Group LLC
Pentair
GREEN SPIRIT INDUSTRIES INC
Huen Electric Inc.
Barnwell Industries, Inc. acquires, explores, and develops oil and natural gas properties, principally in Alberta, Canada. The Company also drills water wells and repairs water pumping systems, as well as invest in real estate sector in Hawaii.
Systemax Inc
Visava Inc. is based in Simcoe, Canada. As of August 2, 2018, Visava Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Target Group Inc.
Spectra Energy Partners, LP operates as an investment arm of Spectra Energy Corp. Spectra Energy Partners, LP, through its subsidiaries, engages in the transportation of natural gas through interstate pipeline systems, and the storage of natural gas in underground facilities in the United States. As of December 31, 2007, it owned and operated 100% of the approximately 1,400-mile East Tennessee interstate natural gas transportation system that extends from central Tennessee eastward into southwest Virginia and northern North Carolina, and southward into northern Georgia; and a liquefied natural gas storage facility in Kingsport, Tennessee with working gas storage capacity of approximately 1.1 billion cubic feet (Bcf) and re-gasification capability of 150 million cubic feet per day. The company also owned a 24.5% interest in the approximate 700-mile Gulfstream interstate natural gas transportation system, which extends from Pascagoula, Mississippi, and Mobile, Alabama across the Gulf of Mexico and into Florida; a 50% interest in Market Hub, which owns and operates 2 salt cavern natural gas storage facilities, the Egan storage facility with gas capacity of approximately 20 Bcf, and the Moss Bluff storage facility with working gas capacity of 15 Bcf. The company transports and stores natural gas for local gas distribution companies, municipal utilities, interstate and intrastate pipelines, direct industrial users, electric power generators, marketers, and producers. Spectra Energy Partners (DE) GP, LP, operates as the general partner to Spectra Energy Partners, LP. The company is based in Houston, Texas.
Klondex Mines Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, acquires, explores, develops, and produces mineral properties in the United States and Canada. It primarily explores for gold and silver deposits. The company holds 100% interests in the Fire Creek mine covering approximately 19,000 acres located in Lander County; the Midas mine and ore milling facility covering approximately 30,000 acres situated in Elko County; and the Hollister mine approximately 18,000 acres located in Elko County. It also has 100% interests in the True North gold mine and mill covering approximately 39,868 hectares situated in Manitoba, Canada; and the Aurora mine and ore milling facility covering approximately 5,004 contiguous acres located in Nevada, as well as in the Ogama-Rockland property in Manitoba, Canada. The company was formerly known as Attila Resources Limited and changed its name to Klondex Mines Ltd. in October 1974. Klondex Mines Ltd. was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Reno, Nevada. As of July 20, 2018, Klondex Mines Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Hecla Mining Company.
American Electric Technologies, Inc. supplies power delivery products and services to the traditional and alternative energy industries. The Company's power delivery solutions include M&I switchgear, AC and DC variable speed drives, power control rooms (PCRs), and computer-based control and automation systems for power management.
Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. operates as a multi-bank holding company. The Banks attract deposits from the general public and use those funds to originate a variety of commercial and consumer loans. Premier Financial Bancorp operates in the States of Kentucky, Ohio, and West Virginia.
Canamex Gold Corp. operates as a mineral exploration company. The Company focuses primarily on development and production of gold. Canamex Gold serves mining industry in Canada.
Bay Bancorp Inc.
Nutriband Inc. manufactures and supplies health and pharmaceutical products. The Company offers transdermal drug delivery system to address hypertension and lipid abnormalities in the course of cardiovascular disease. Nutriband serves the healthcare sector worldwide.
MGM Elgin Sub, Inc. was founded in 2015 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada. MGM Elgin Sub, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of MGM Resorts International.
The Milford National Bank
Sunshine Financial, Inc. operates as the holding company for Sunshine Community Bank that provides various retail community banking services to individuals and businesses primarily in Leon County, Florida. The company accepts various deposit accounts, such as checking, savings, individual retirement savings, money market, term certificate, business, and demand accounts; and certificates of deposit. Its loan products include loans secured by first and second mortgages on one- to four-family residences, lot loans, and commercial real estate loans; and consumer loans, including home equity loans and lines of credit, new and used automobile loans, boat and other recreational vehicle loans, and credit card loans, as well as loans secured by savings deposits. The company also offers automobile warranty, credit life, and disability insurance products. As of December 31, 2016, the company operated five full-service branch offices. Sunshine Financial, Inc. was founded in 1952 and is headquartered in Tallahassee, Florida. As of April 1, 2018, Sunshine Financial, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of The First Bancshares, Inc.
Quality Care Properties Inc.
NorthStar I OP
Fusion Connect Inc
DataDirect Networks, Inc. provides scalable storage infrastructure for big data and cloud applications. It offers Storage Fusion Architecture, a block storage array that delivers IOPS and massive throughput; Scaler Appliances for data protection and budgetary requirements; Tintri TGC, a solution for storage management; and Web Object Scaler for massive scalability requirements of big data and to provide secure cloud collaboration, file sharing, and content distribution to users. The company also provides DirectMon, a configuration and monitoring solution; and storage enclosures. In addition, it offers planning and consulting, implementation, health check, infrastructure assessment, performance tuning, and customized professional services. The company serves cloud and web companies, energy companies, media companies, online content and social networking providers, laboratories, and service providers; and financial services, government intelligence, higher education, life sciences, manufacturing, video surveillance, and high performance cloud and grid computing industries. DataDirect Networks, Inc. has a strategic partnership with Gatan, Inc.; and SQream. DataDirect Networks, Inc. was formerly known as MegaDrive Systems, Inc. and changed its name to DataDirect Networks, Inc. in 1998. The company was founded in 1988 and is based in Santa Clara, California. It has sales offices in Brisbane, Australia; Paris, France; Düsseldorf, Germany; Dublin, Ireland; Tokyo, Japan; Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Daresbury, United Kingdom; Chatsworth, California; Colorado Springs, Colorado; and Columbia, Maryland.
Puget Sound Bancorp Inc
MNB Bancorp
BGP PA LLC
Ignite Holdco Subsidiary Inc.
PlanGrid, Inc. provides a cloud-based construction document collaboration platform that allows plans, markups, photos, and reports to be instantaneously shared with everyone on a construction project. Its platform lets contractors and architects collaborate from their desktop or mobile devices across all their project plans, specifications, photos, RFIs, and punchlists. The company’s platform is used by major construction firms. PlanGrid, Inc. was formerly known as Loupe, Inc. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in San Francisco, California. As of December 19, 2018, PlanGrid, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Autodesk, Inc.
Genesis Acquisition Holdings Corp
Image International Group, Inc. operates as a mineral development and exploration company. The Company focuses on the acquisition of gemstone and other precious metal resources. Image International Group markets the gemstones and other precious metals to retail jewelry store and gemstone outlets.
Janus Holdings Luxembourg S. r.l.
Palm Springs Inn, LLC, through its subsidiary, operates as a hotel. The company is based in Covina, California.
AV Homes, Inc. engages in the homebuilding and community development businesses in Florida, the Carolinas, Arizona, and Texas. The company is involved in the development and construction of primary residential communities for first-time and move-up buyers under the Savvy Homes, Bonterra Builders, Royal Oak Homes, and Oakdale-Hampton brands. It also engages in the development and construction of active adult communities, which are age-restricted to the age 55 and over active adult demographic, as well as in the construction and sale of residences within those communities. In addition, the company is involved in other real estate activities, such as the operation of amenities; and the sale of land for third-party development. As of December 31, 2017, it owned 4,911 developed residential lots; 2,395 partially developed residential lots; 8,776 undeveloped residential lots; and 6,980 acres of mixed-use, commercial, and industrial land. The company was formerly known as Avatar Holdings Inc. and changed its name to AV Homes, Inc. in February 2012. AV Homes, Inc. was founded in 1970 and is based in Scottsdale, Arizona. As of October 2, 2018, AV Homes, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Taylor Morrison Home Corporation.
Kosmos Energy Gulf of Mexico LLC
Minden Bancorp Inc
Harvest Oil Gas Corp
HC2 Holdings, Inc. is a diversified holding company, which seeks opportunities to acquire and grow businesses that can generate long-term sustainable free cash flow and attractive returns. HC2 has a diverse array of operating subsidiaries including Construction, Marine Services, Energy, Telecommunications, Life Sciences, Broadcasting, Insurance and Other.
Internap Corporation provides a broad range of scalable information technology infrastructure services for enterprises. The Company's services include colocation, managed hosting, optimized IP, connectivity and content delivery services.
WisdomTree Investments Inc
Spectrum Brands Legacy, Inc., a consumer products company, manufactures, markets, and distributes branded consumer products. The company supplies consumer batteries, residential locksets, residential builders’ hardware, plumbing, shaving and grooming products, personal care products, small household appliances, specialty pet supplies, personal insect repellents, and auto care products, as well as lawn and garden, and home pest control products. It offers its products under a portfolio of brands, including Rayovac, VARTA, Kwikset, Weiser, Baldwin, National Hardware, Pfister, Remington, George Foreman, Black + Decker, Tetra, Marineland, GloFish, Nature's Miracle, Dingo, 8-in-1, FURminator, IAMS and Eukanuba, Healthy-Hide, Digest-eeze, DreamBone, SmartBones, Littermaid, Spectracide, Cutter, Repel, Hot Shot, Black Flag, Liquid Fence, Armor All, STP, and A/C PRO. The company sells its products through various trade channels, including retailers, wholesalers and distributors, hearing aid professionals, construction companies, and original equipment manufacturers in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and the Asia-Pacific regions. Spectrum Brands Legacy, Inc. was formerly known as Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Spectrum Brands Legacy, Inc. in July 2018. The company was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Middleton, Wisconsin. Spectrum Brands Legacy, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.
Luccirelli & Gomez LLC
Ionix Technology, Inc., through its subsidiaries, develops, designs, manufactures, and sells lithium batteries. The Company produces batteries for lithium cell electronic bicycles, balance cars, scooters, electric vehicles, special vehicles, energy storage, and other products.
Intermex
MPLX Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 2016 and is based in Findlay, Ohio. MPLX Holdings Inc. operates as a subsidiary of MPC Investment LLC.
ADDvantage Technologies Group, Inc. operates as an electronic company. The Company offers electronics, hardware, and equipment repair services for cable television and telecommunications industries, as well as operates technical service centers and repair various brands of cable TV. ADDvantage Technologies serves customers in the Unites States.
Civista Bank provides various financial products and services for businesses, families, and individuals in Ohio. It offers checking and savings accounts; and mortgage loans, home equity lines, personal loans, commercial loans, and agricultural loans. The company also provides cash management, risk management, merchant, digital wallet, and mobile and online banking services, as well as debit and credit cards. In addition, it offers investment management services, including financial planning and portfolio management services, as well as trust services; and private banking services comprising money management and customized lending services. The company operates in 29 locations across 12 Ohio counties, including 2 loan production offices. Civista Bank was formerly known as The Citizens Banking Company and changed its name to Civista Bank in January 2015. The company was founded in 1884 and is headquartered in Sandusky, Ohio. Civista Bank is a subsidiary of Civista Bancshares, Inc.
Jinhua An Kao Power Technology Co., Ltd. manufactures electric car batteries and charging systems in China. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in Jinhua City, China. As of January 3, 2018, Jinhua An Kao Power Technology Co., Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Zhejiang Kandi Vehicles Co., Ltd.
Ergon A&E
Magnolia Oil & Gas Parent LLC
Dallas Merger Sub Inc
GreenBox POS, LLC develops software that offers payment solutions. The company was founded in 2017 and is based in San Deigo, California.
S.M. Energy Co. Ltd is based in South Korea.
Holdco
Energy Future Holdings Corp., through its subsidiaries, engages in competitive and regulated energy businesses in Texas. The company operates in two segments, Competitive Electric and Regulated Delivery. The Competitive Electric segment engages in electricity generation, wholesale energy sales and purchases, commodity risk management and trading activities, and retail electricity sales to residential and business customers. This segment owns or leases lignite/coal, nuclear, and natural gas-fueled generation facilities with a capacity of 13,772 megawatts; and purchases wind-generated electricity, as well as provides electricity and related services to approximately 1.7 million retail electricity customers. The Regulated Delivery segment transmits and distributes regulated electricity. This segment provides transmission and distribution services to retail electric providers that sell electricity to residential and business consumers; and transmission services to other electricity distribution companies, cooperatives, and municipalities. It operates a transmission and distribution system that delivers electricity to approximately 3.3 million homes and businesses; and approximately 121,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines. This segment’s distribution system consists of 56,956 miles of overhead primary conductors; 21,323 miles of overhead secondary and street light conductors; 16,834 miles of underground primary conductors; and 10,415 miles of underground secondary and street light conductors. The company was founded in 1882 and is based in Dallas, Texas. As of March 9, 2018, Energy Future Holdings Corp. operates as a subsidiary of Sempra Energy. On April 29, 2014, Energy Future Holdings Corporation, along with its affiliates, filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.
ASC Devens LLC
MainSource Financial Group Inc.
MUSIC OF YOUR LIFE INC
Oil States International, Inc. provides specialty products and services to oil and gas drilling and production companies. The Company supplies connection technology for offshore oil and gas development and production, distributes tubular goods, furnishes hydraulic workover, and well control services. Oil States also provides remote site accommodations, catering, and logistics.
Capital Dynamics US, Inc. is based in New York, New York. Capital Dynamics US, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Capital Dynamics AG.
Pacific Commerce Bancorp
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. provides communications services and products to residential and business customers in the islands of Oahu, Maui, Hawaii, Kauai, Molokai, and Lanai. The company offers local telephone services, including voice and data transport, custom calling features, network access, directory assistance, and private lines. It also provides high-speed Internet, long distance, television, Internet protocol based network, managed, billing and collection, and wireless services; data center services, including colocation and virtual private cloud; customer premises equipment; and data solutions. As of December 31, 2017, the company served approximately 271,000 voice access lines; 22,000 business voice over Internet protocol lines; 110,000 high-speed Internet lines; and 45,000 video subscribers. Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. was founded in 1883 and is headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii. As of July 2, 2018, Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell Inc.
L-3 Communications Vector International Aviation LLC
Assurant, Inc. provides risk management solutions. The Company offers protections for mobile devices and vehicles. Assurant provides pre-funded funeral, renters, and lender-placed homeowners insurance, as well as mortgage valuation and field services.
Roots Nursery, LLC engages in producing and supplying proprietary genetics to large and craft cultivators in California. It produces organic clones. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Oakland, California.
AMYRIS INC
New Linn
Legacy Reserves GP, LLC operates as a general partner for Legacy Reserves Inc., which engages in the acquisition, development, and production of oil and natural gas properties. The company was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Midland, Texas. Legacy Reserves GP, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Legacy Reserves Inc.
Mercer International, Inc. designs and manufactures oil and water separator equipment. It offers ground oil water separators, below ground oil water separators, customized oil water separators, and oil skimmers. The company also offers solutions for existing separators and rental services. Its product have application have in utilities, oil terminals, airports, parking lots, steel mills, rail yards, bilge water, tank farms, chemical, stormwater run-off, ground water remediation, generating stations, vehicle wash/repairs, food industry, petro-chemical plants, military installations, gas stations, and refineries. The company is based in Mendham, New Jersey.
Mann Packing Company
Acquiror
Unreserved Sdn. Bhd. offers magazine publishing and advertising services. The company is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Unreserved Sdn. Bhd. operates as a former subsidiary of Redberry Sdn. Bhd. As of December 31, 2017, Unreserved Sdn. Bhd. operates as a subsidiary of Newsmakers Productions Sdn. Bhd.
Dealflo Limited provides end-to-end agreement automation services to the financial sector. It offers Universal Application module for multiple channels that include Web, mobile, call center, store, and branch; Verification Hub that gives clients access to the widest range of configurable identity and verification services available; and an electronic/digital signature module that is primarily designed for the execution of financial agreements in any major market around the world. The company also provides Document Generation solution with features, including template driven document customization/personalization, PDF forms, form fields data extraction and update, form field positioning, black-out/ white-out areas, customization blocks/annotations, watermarks, document ID markers, signature field positioning, and text anchors, as well as PDF document splitting, merge, and page extraction. In addition, it offers Vaulting Service, a sophisticated storage facility where clients can vault digital assets, such as financial agreements and their associated electronic evidence; and Service Control Engine that gives clients control over the content, process, evidence, and data surrounding their agreement processes on a transaction-by-transaction level. Dealflo Limited was formerly known as IOCS Limited and changed its name to Dealflo Limited in May 2016. The company was incorporated in 2008 and is based in London, United Kingdom. As of May 30, 2018, Dealflo Limited operates as a subsidiary of OneSpan Inc.
A. Schulman, Inc. manufactures and supplies plastic compounds and resins. It offers custom performance colors, including standard and customized colors, organic and inorganic pigments, high chroma colors in translucent or opaque formats, and special effects. The company also provides engineered composites, such as bulk molding compounds, sheet molding compounds, and thick molding compounds, as well as engineered structural composite solutions for original equipment manufacturers and custom molders. In addition, it offers concentrates to enhance the performance, appearance, and processing of plastics for intended applications; additive solutions; and application solutions that minimize the use of plastics, or incorporate the use of recycled plastics or renewable-based polymers, as well as provides films for agriculture, packaging, and personal care and hygiene applications. Further, the company offers polymer solutions, which provide structural integrity; multi-component blends that include polyolefins, nylons, polyesters and elastomers, and others; and formulating know-how with fiber reinforcements, such as glass and carbon, nano-reinforcements, flame retardants, impact modifiers, and UV stabilization. Additionally, it offers size reduction services; specialty powders for rotational molding, oil and gas additives, and sports and leisure products; jet milling services used for products requiring fine particle size; and cryogenic milling services. The company also buys, repackages, and resells polymers for processing types, such as injection molding, blow molding, thermoforming, and film and sheet extruding. It serves packaging, mobility, building and construction, electronics and electrical, agriculture, personal care and hygiene, custom services, sports, home, and leisure markets worldwide. The company was founded in 1928 and is headquartered in Fairlawn, Ohio. As of August 21, 2018, A. Schulman, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of LyondellBasell Industries N.V.
SEI
Z Acquisition LLC
Berry GP Inc
Atlantic Acquisition Corp.
C-Rod
Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions, Inc. produces and markets asphalt and emulsion products. It specializes in the development of engineered paving and pavement preservation products. The company offers asphalts ranging from hot mix and polymer-modified asphalts to warm mixes, cold mixes, and more to build roads; and coatings that protect against corrosion, moisture infiltration, adhesion, sound pollution, surface treatments, and more. Its products are used in highway construction and maintenance projects worldwide. Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions, Inc. has a strategic partnership with Valero Energy Corporation. The company was founded in 1979 and is based in Jackson, Mississippi with locations across the United States. Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Ergon, Inc.
Crane & Co., Inc. manufactures and supplies paper products. It offers stationary products and gifts; wedding announcement cards, invitations, and event accessories; baby and kids announcement and invitation cards; holiday cards, party invitations and cards, and gifts; and occasion announcement cards and invitations. The company also manufactures business products, such as business and jotter cards, notes, letterhead, envelopes, invitations and announcement cards; and business gifts and accessories. It serves customers, including central banks, industrial manufacturers, and stationery specialty retailers. The company also offers its products online. Crane & Co., Inc. was founded in 1801 and is based in North Adams, Massachusetts. As of April 5, 2018, Crane & Co., Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Crane Co.
DMI
Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. provides crude oil and liquid petroleum gathering, transportation, and storage services assets in the United States. The company’s Lakehead system consists of approximately 4,212 miles of pipe and 74 pump stations located in the Great Lakes and Midwest regions of the United States. Its North Dakota crude oil system comprises approximately 660 miles, has 12 pump stations, delivery points, and storage facilities; and Mid-Continent system includes approximately 20 million barrels of storage capacity. The company serves integrated oil companies, independent oil producers, refiners, and marketers. Enbridge Energy Company, Inc. operates as a general partner of Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. The company was formerly known as Lakehead Pipe Line Partners, L.P. and changed its name to Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. in 2001. Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas. As of December 20, 2018, Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. operates as a subsidiary of Enbridge (U.S.) In