Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On September 1, 2018, Advanced Energy Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Advanced Energy or Company) completed its previously announced acquisition of LumaSense Technology Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (LumaSense), through the merger of Eclipse Merger Sub, Inc. (Acquisition Sub), a Delaware corporation, with and into LumaSense with LumaSense surviving as a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Advanced Energy (the Merger) all in accordance with the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 26, 2018 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Advanced Energy, Acquisition Sub, LumaSense and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, a Colorado limited liability company.
 or 
Company
) completed its previously announced acquisition of LumaSense Technology Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
), through the merger of Eclipse Merger Sub, Inc. (
Acquisition Sub
), a Delaware corporation, with and into LumaSense with LumaSense surviving as a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Advanced Energy (the 
Merger
) all in accordance with the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 26, 2018 (the 
Merger Agreement
), by and among Advanced Energy, Acquisition Sub, LumaSense and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, a Colorado limited liability company.
The aggregate consideration paid in the Merger was approximately $85 million in cash (of which $5.85 million was deposited in an escrow account to secure various representations, warranties and indemnities), without giving effect to related transaction fees, expenses and the repayment of all of the outstanding indebtedness of LumaSense. The summary contained in this Form 8-K does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference. There are representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement which were made by the parties to each other as of specific dates. The assertions embodied in these representations and warranties were made solely for the purposes of the Merger Agreement and may be subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating their terms. Moreover, certain representations and warranties may not be accurate or complete as of any specified date because they are subject to a contractual standard of materiality that is different from certain standards generally applicable to stockholders or were used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather than establishing matters as facts. Based on the foregoing reasons, investors should not rely on the representations and warranties as statements of factual information.
Item 8.01 Other Events.
