Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On June 29, 2018, Ameris Bancorp (the Company) completed its previously announced merger with Hamilton State Bancshares, Inc. (Hamilton), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of January 25, 2018 between the Company and Hamilton (the Merger Agreement). In connection with closing, Hamilton merged with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation (the Merger). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of the voting common stock and non-voting common stock of Hamilton issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger was automatically converted into the right to receive $0.93 in cash and 0.16 shares of the common stock of the Company. In addition, all of Hamiltons outstanding restricted stock units which were vested at the effective time of the Merger, including those for which vesting was accelerated as a result of the consummation of the Merger, were converted into the right to receive the same merger consideration per share as the outstanding shares of Hamilton voting common stock and non-voting common stock.
As a result of the closing of the Merger, the Company will pay approximately $38.0 million to the former shareholders of Hamilton and issue to such shareholders approximately 6.54 million shares of the Companys common stock, which shares had an aggregate value of approximately $348.9 million based on the closing price of the Companys common stock on June 29, 2018.
Also, in accordance with the Merger Agreement and at the effective time of the Merger, all of Hamiltons outstanding stock options fully vested and, together with all of Hamiltons outstanding warrants, were cancelled in exchange for cash consideration of $9.06 for each share of Hamilton stock for which such option or warrant was exercisable, less the applicable per share exercise price of such option or warrant. As a result, at closing, the Company paid approximately $9.7 million to the holders of such cancelled warrants and Hamilton paid, on behalf of the Company, approximately $8.0 million to the holders of such cancelled options.
Each outstanding share of the Companys common stock remained outstanding and was unaffected by the Merger. Immediately following the Merger, Hamilton State Bank, a Georgia banking corporation and formerly a wholly owned subsidiary of Hamilton, merged with and into Ameris Bank, a Georgia banking corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, with Ameris Bank surviving such merger.
The description contained herein of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of such document, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
