Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The description in Item 1.01 above of the closing of the Contribution is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.
Forward Looking Statements
This communication contains certain statements that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Words such as may, will, could, anticipate, estimate, expect, predict, project, future, potential, intend, plan, assume, believe, forecast, look, build, focus, create, work, continue or the negative of such terms or other variations thereof and words and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future plans, actions, or events identify forward-looking statements, which involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. They include, without limitation, statements related to the expected completion date of the construction of the LAR Interconnecting Pipelines. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but instead represent only our belief regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside of our control. A number of factors could cause our actual results to differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results indicated in or implied by these forward-looking statements. Such factors include those detailed in our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other public filings and press releases, available on our website at http://andeavor.com and on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov. Our forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that we consider to be reasonable but that may not prove to be accurate. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances that occur, or which we become aware of, except as required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
10-Q
