Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On August 30, 2018, ARC Group, Inc. (the Company) completed its previously announced acquisition of all of the assets associated with the Fat Pattys restaurant franchise (Fat Pattys) pursuant to the terms of that certain Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement), dated August 3, 2018, by and among the Company, CSA, Inc., a West Virginia corporation, CSA Investments, LLC, a West Virginia limited liability company, CSA of Teays Valley, Inc., a West Virginia corporation, CSA, Inc. of Ashland, a Kentucky corporation, Fat Pattys, LLC, a West Virginia limited liability company, and Clint Artrip, an individual (the Fat Pattys Acquisition).
Also on August 30, 2018, the Company completed its previously announced sale of all of the real property acquired in the Fat Pattys Acquisition to Store Capital Acquisitions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Store Capital), pursuant to the terms of that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Purchase and Sale Agreement; together with the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreements), dated August 3, 2018, with Store Capital. The real property consists of the four properties upon which the Fat Pattys restaurants acquired in the Asset Acquisition are located (collectively, the Properties).
On August 30, 2018, the Company entered into a secured convertible promissory note (the Note) with Seenu G. Kasturi pursuant to which the Company borrowed $622,929.17 to help finance the Fat Pattys Acquisition. All principal and accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable by the Company in full on the earlier of (i) the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date of the Note, or (ii) the date that Mr. Kasturi demands repayment in full by providing written notice thereof to the Company. Interest accrues at the rate of six percent per annum and is payable in full on the maturity date. Mr. Kasturi has the right, at any time during the term of the Note and from time to time, to convert all of any portion of the outstanding principal of the Note, together with accrued and unpaid interest payable thereon, into shares of the Companys Class A common stock, part value $0.01 per share (Common Stock) at a conversion rate of $1.36 per share. The note is secured by all of the assets of the Company.
Mr. Kasturi serves as the President, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors for ARC Group and owns approximately 20.7% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Mr. Kasturi also serves as the President, Treasurer and Secretary, and sole member of, Raceland QSR, LLC (Raceland) and owns all of the equity interests in Raceland. Raceland is the landlord for the property on which one of the restaurants owned by the Company is located. In addition, Mr. Kasturi serves as the Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, and as the sole member of the board of directors, of Blue Victory Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Blue Victory), with which ARC Group has a $50,000 revolving line of credit facility, and owns 90% of the equity interests in Blue Victory. Mr. Kasturi also serves as the President, Treasurer and Secretary of, and is the sole member of, DWG Acquisitions, LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company (DWG Acquisitions), and owns all of the equity interests in DWG Acquisitions. DWG Acquisitions currently owns and operates two of ARC Groups 18 franchised restaurants.
Also on August 30, 2018, the Company entered into a master lease agreement (the Master Lease) with Store Capital pursuant to which the Company leased each of the Properties from Store Capital. The initial term of the lease expires on August 31, 2038. The Company has the option to extend the term of the lease for four additional successive periods of five years each. The aggregate base annual rent is $876,875 and is subject to annual increases commencing September 1, 2019 in an amount equal to the lesser of: (i) 1.75%, or (ii) 1.25 times the change in the Consumer Price Index. The Company is responsible for all costs and obligations relating to the Properties. The transactions contemplated by the Purchaser Agreements, the Note and the Master Lease are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the Transactions.
The Purchase Agreements, the Note and the Master Lease (the Transaction Agreements) have been included solely to provide readers with information regarding their respective terms. They are not intended to be a source of financial, business or operational information about the parties thereto or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates, if any. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Transaction Agreements were made solely for purposes of the agreements and as of specific dates, were made solely for the benefit of the parties thereto, and may be subject to qualifications and limitations agreed upon by the parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures. The representations, warranties and covenants may have been made for the purpose of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the agreements instead of establishing matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the parties to the agreements that differ from those applicable to readers. Readers should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any description thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties to the Transaction Agreements or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates, if any. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Transaction Agreements, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or other public disclosures.
The foregoing description of the Asset Purchase Agreement, Purchase and Sale Agreement, Note and Master Lease does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Asset Purchase Agreement and Purchase and Sale Agreement, which were filed as Exhibits 2.1 and 10.1, respectively, to the Companys current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 9, 2018, and incorporated by reference herein, and to the Note and Master Lease, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, and incorporated by reference herein.
