ITEM 2.01
COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS
On August 22, 2018, Link Media Midwest, LLC (Link Midwest) entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Key Outdoor, Inc., Angela K. Dahl, and Robert A. Dahl, by which Link Midwest acquired over 700 billboard structures and related assets from Key Outdoor, Inc. The billboards and related assets are located in Illinois, Iowa and Missouri.
Link Midwest is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Link Media Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Boston Omaha Corporation (the Company).
The purchase price for the acquired assets was $38,000,000, subject to certain post-closing adjustments, and was paid in cash. A portion of the purchase price equal to $1,900,000 will be held back by Link Midwest and disbursed, subject to any claims for indemnification, over an 18 month period. Each of Key Outdoor, Inc. and Angela K. Dahl and Robert A. Dahl, Key Outdoor Inc.s principals, have also entered into five year non-competition and non-solicitation agreements in connection with the acquisition.
The Asset Purchase Agreement is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 2.1.
On August 31, 2018, Link Media Omaha, LLC (Link Omaha) entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Waitt Outdoor, LLC, by which Link Omaha acquired over 1,600 billboard structures and related assets from Waitt Outdoor, LLC. The billboards and related assets are located in Kansas, Illinois, Iowa, Missouri and Nebraska.
Link Omaha is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Link Media Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Boston Omaha Corporation (the Company).
The purchase price for the acquired assets was $82,000,000, subject to certain post-closing adjustments, and was paid in cash. A portion of the purchase price equal to $4,100,000 will be held in escrow, subject to any claims for indemnification. Wait Outdoor, LLC, WaittCorp Investments, LLC, and Mr. Michael J. Delich, the principal of Waitt Outdoor, LLC, have also entered into a five year non-competition and non-solicitation agreement in connection with the acquisition.
The Asset Purchase Agreement is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 2.1.

