ITEM 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On July 12, 2018, CannAssist International Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a share exchange acquisition agreement (the Acquisition Agreement) with Xceptor LLC, a private company organized under the laws of Wyoming (Xceptor).
The Acquisition was effected by the Company through the exchange of all the outstanding membership interests of Xceptor for 3,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company, valued at $0.0001 per share. At the time of the Acquisition, there was one shareholder of the Company who is also a shareholder and manager of Xceptor. Xceptor has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the Company has taken over its operations and business plan. Prior to the Acquisition, the Company had no ongoing business or operations.
Xceptor LLC produces and sells its proprietary CBD product, Cibidinol, and other products using its proprietary processes. Xceptor has developed a proprietary process for increasing the bioavailability of cannabidiol ("CBD") in consumable and topical products. CBD is a non-psychoactive compound found in hemp and cannabis that has several health benefits. Xceptors proprietary processes are designed to make enhanced CBD products more available and accessible to others seeking better health outcomes and enhanced quality of life. Xceptor has directed its research and development efforts toward issues related to health and wellness. It is Xceptors belief that harsher drug therapies currently in use today can be used less often, leading to the mitigation and, in some cases, elimination of certain disease states. Xceptor seeks to blend historically significant and proven eastern and alternative medical tenets with desired western sensibilities. Xceptors initial research and development work, aimed at enhancing the bioavailability of desired molecular structures, resulted in the production of a line of CBD products, most notably its proprietary CBD product, Cibidinol.
BUSINESS AND BUSINESS PLAN
Prior to the Acquisition, the Company had no business or operations. Pursuant to the Acquisition, the Company has acquired the business plan, operations and contracts of its now wholly-owned subsidiary, Xceptor LLC (Xceptor).
Business Overview
Xceptor LLC produces and sells its proprietary CBD product, Cibidinol, and other products using its proprietary processes. Xceptor has developed a proprietary process for increasing the bioavailability of cannabidiol ("CBD") in consumable and topical products. CBD is a non-psychoactive compound found in hemp and cannabis that has several health benefits. Xceptors proprietary processes are designed to make enhanced CBD products more available and accessible to others seeking better health outcomes and enhanced quality of life. Xceptor has directed its research and development efforts toward issues related to health and wellness. It is Xceptors belief that harsher drug therapies currently in use today can be used less often, leading to the mitigation and, in some cases, elimination of certain disease states. Xceptor seeks to blend historically significant and proven eastern and alternative medical tenets with desired western sensibilities. Xceptors initial research and development work, aimed at enhancing the bioavailability of desired molecular structures, resulted in the production of a line of CBD products, most notably its proprietary CBD product, Cibidinol.
The Products and Process
Xceptor's product offerings are based on its proprietary formulation and manufacturing processes that are intended to enhance the bioavailability of CBD. Enhanced bioavailability is important as CBD and related compounds are oil-based and thus are not easily absorbed into the body. Xceptor's process is intended to allow for quicker absorption, consistent therapeutic levels, and reduced dosage requirements.
CBD is currently being used and/or studied for treatment of various health issues, including Opioid Addiction, Cancer, Pain, Diabetes, Obesity, Anorexia, Inflammation, Epilepsy, Alzheimers Disease, Parkinsons Disease, PTSD, Anxiety, Insomnia, Acne, MS, and Depression.
Xceptor intends to produce and distribute its proprietary product, Cibidinol, and a number of consumable and topical products in various delivery forms including capsules, sublingual drops, films, troches, lotions, creams, sprays, powders, suppositories, drinks and edibles.
Xceptor intends to provide a line of CBD infused products that are produced with the Company's proprietary process of enhancing bioavailability. The details of this process are available upon request. The products to be offered by Xceptor include:
 Capsules

Capsules
 Topical Products

Topical Products
 Oral Drops, films, and troches

Oral Drops, films, and troches
 Suppositories

Suppositories
 Hair and scalp Conditioners

Hair and scalp Conditioners
 Lotions and Creams

Lotions and Creams
 Sprays and Powders

Sprays and Powders
Through Xceptor 's laboratory, it is Xceptor's intent to create and maintain a robust product line. Within this industry, Xceptor believes that there is a strong demand for research in order to understand hemp/cannabis, its terpenes and other molecules within the plant. Xceptor's hired scientists will separate these molecules and re-task them in combinations magnifying their therapeutic activities. Xceptors research and development will also focus on studying adjunctive materials to use with the CBD product including (but not limited to) vitamins, anti-oxidants, sleep aids, and other therapeutic ingredients.
Plan of Operation and Presence in the Market
and Presence in the Market
Xceptor will manufacture and distribute its products at facilities located in Carrollton, Texas, located at 2210 Hutton Drive, Carrollton, Texas 75006.
Xceptor will solidify its market presence and position by enhancing current and developing new strategic relationships. Products will be sold through distributors and wholesalers and through a significant online market presence. Xceptor will also evaluate the generation of additional revenue streams through the licensing of its proprietary processes to strategic partners.
Xceptor will continually expand its operations by making continued reinvestments into Xceptors research and development infrastructure while concurrently expanding production capacity. Xceptor will frequently release new products produced using its proprietary method of enhancing the bioavailability of CBD.
Anticipated launches include enhanced CBD in: suppositories, drinks, sublingual solids (gummy or film-like) and a number of products to enhance the health, protection and appearance of the skin. Also planned are compassionate use lines of products derived from other cannabinoid compounds.
Longer-term research involves combinations designed to enhance appetite, improve sleep and slow progress of neurological disorders. Tissue cultivation methods will be employed to help us understand physiological pathways and, where applicable, to identify, purify and magnify interesting molecules and to manufacture high quality ingredients for health and wellness products.
Xceptor believes that it will be able to maintain successful business operations because of the following:
 Very large and predictable streams of revenue through the ongoing sale of enhanced bioavailability CBD products and consumables.

Very large and predictable streams of revenue through the ongoing sale of enhanced bioavailability CBD products and consumables.
 Insulated from deleterious changes in the economy as people will continue to require CBD infused on a regular basis.

Insulated from deleterious changes in the economy as people will continue to require CBD infused on a regular basis.
 Demand currently outpaces supply tremendously.

Demand currently outpaces supply tremendously.
 In house laboratory operations that ensure that the highest quality.

In house laboratory operations that ensure that the highest quality.
 Proprietary processes and procedures for enhancing the bioavailability of CBD.

Proprietary processes and procedures for enhancing the bioavailability of CBD.
The Market
Currently, the outlook for the US economy is moderate. Unemployment rates have declined while asset prices have risen substantially. However, hemp based product businesses (including manufacturers and distributors of CBD products) operate with great economic stability as people will continue to require and want these products despite drawbacks in the general economy. International markets, particularly Europe and soon Canada, have little to no restrictions regarding the use of CBD. Xceptor is actively pursuing customer requests in these markets focusing on large chain retail outlets, big box stores and distribution relationships. The demand within this market is tremendous, and it is expected to remain strong as regulations change. It should also be noted that demand is expected to continually increase as more states legalize cannabis and related products for medical and recreational use.
It is currently estimated that the sale of cannabis (including hemp derived products) and its related products through states that have legalized it (for both medical and recreational use) is a $2.7 billion industry within the United States. This is a 74% increase over the past year. The advent of this industry has occurred over the past nine years, and many more states are expected to continue to allow for sales of cannabis and related products both medically and recreationally. The industry currently employs approximately 88,000 people. It should be noted that the number of people working within this industry may be higher than reported as some individuals (due to conflicting state and federal laws) do not report that they work for a cannabis based business.
It should also be noted that many states through their legislation and popular vote have allowed for the growth, distribution, and sale of cannabis for medical and recreational purposes. As of mid-2017, 25 states have legalized cannabis use laws. Seven states and the District of Columbia have legalized cannabis for recreational use. The landscape of this industry, regarding legal matters, is expected to continue to evolve according to changes to the regulatory framework over the next five years.
Customer Profile
Among companies that will purchase products from Xceptor, Management will target customers with the following demographic profile when implementing its marketing campaigns:
 Operates as a distributor or manufacturer of consumable goods

Operates as a distributor or manufacturer of consumable goods
 Is a brand firm that is looking to enter the CBD products market

Is a brand firm that is looking to enter the CBD products market
 Generates revenues in excess of $10 million per year

Generates revenues in excess of $10 million per year
 Will spend $100,000 to $1.5 million per year via purchase orders.

Will spend $100,000 to $1.5 million per year via purchase orders.
Also, consumers will have direct online access to Xceptors Products. Xceptor will target consumers who frequently use social media, make general and healthcare purchases through online marketplaces, and perform web searches for healthcare and lifestyle information.
Marketing and Sales Strategy
Management intends on using a number of sales and marketing strategies to ensure market share and sales volume.
Xceptor intends to market its products by building a large word-of-mouth referral network once the business establishes a strong brand name and by maintaining extensive relationships with third party cosmetics and consumables manufacturers and distributors.
Xceptor intends to develop an independent sales network that will operate on a commission basis. At this time, Management is developing a commission schedule that will provide agents with a range of commissions depending on the volume and type of business secured. Management expects to have three to four independent sales agents.
Xceptors Management Team, and its sales agents will frequently attend trade shows and industry forums to formalize and secure incremental and new revenue sources.
Xceptor is developing preferred pricing models for distributors, manufacturers, and partners to drive volume in desired product segments and to ensure consistent and predictable sales sources.
Competition
The current market place currently consists of collectives, dispensaries, licensed pain management clinics, and related entities that are licensed to sell THC and CBD based products. There are also a number of online vendors that provide diverse inventories of CBD infused products. As has been discussed throughout this document, the distribution of products containing CBD is still in a legal "grey-zone" on the federal level. However, most states explicitly allow for the sale of CBD products that have been produced from industrial hemp and cannabis with limited quantities of psychoactive ingredients. As such, larger corporations that are able to strictly adhere to these manufacturing standards are entering the market with consumable and topical products that feature CBD as one of the primary ingredients.
One of the main competitive advantages that Xceptor will have over its competition is that the business is able to increase the bioavailability of CBD through a proprietary process. This will remain as one of the strongest advantages that Xceptor will have throughout the life of the business. This technology additionally advances a more consumer accessible costing. At all times, the business will comply with FDA regulations regarding cosmetics and consumables that contain CBD. Xceptor's legal team will ensure that the business in compliance.
Suppliers, Distributors and Other Strategic Partners
Cosmetic Innovations (CI)
The Company will lease production and R&D space from Cosmetic Innovations (CI) and CI will provide some outsourced production services. The Company has not yet entered into a formal agreement with CI, but plans to do so in the near future.
Employees
Xceptor has 1 employee.
Property
All manufacturing and distribution operations will occur at Xceptor's facilities in Carrollton, Texas. The facility's address is:
2210 Hutton Drive
Carrollton, Texas 75006
Xceptor's corporate facilities are located at:
412 North Main Street
Buffalo, Wyoming 82834
Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulation
As of the end of February 2017, 28 states and the District of Columbia allow its citizens to use medical marijuana. Voters in the states of Colorado, Washington, Alaska, Oregon and the District of Columbia have approved ballot measures to legalize cannabis for adult use. The state laws are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes marijuana use and possession illegal on a national level. The prior administration (President Obama) effectively stated that it is not an efficient use of resources to direct law federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding by state-designated laws allowing the use and distribution of medical marijuana. However, the Trump administration has indicated the potential for stricter enforcement of the marijuana industry at the federal level, but to date there has been very little in terms of action. There is no guarantee that the Trump administration or future administrations will maintain the low-priority enforcement of federal laws in the marijuana industry that was adopted by the Obama administration. The Trump administration or any new administration that follows could change this policy and decide to enforce the federal laws strongly. Any such change in the federal governments enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant financial damage to our business and our shareholders.
Currently, Xceptor LLC produces and sells its proprietary CBD product, Cibidinol, and is subject to relevant regulation by the Food and Drug Administration. Further, and while we do not intend to harvest, distribute or sell cannabis, if we conduct research with the cannabis plant, we could be deemed to be participating in marijuana cultivation, which remains illegal under federal law, and exposes us to potential criminal liability, with the additional risk that our properties could be subject to civil forfeiture proceedings.
Costs and Effects of Compliance with Environmental Laws
Not applicable.
Legal Matters
We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against Xceptor, nor is it involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which our directors, officers or any affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.
THE COMPANY
CannAssist International Corp. was originally named Iris Grove Acquisition Corporation ("Iris Grove ") and incorporated on May 17, 2017 under the laws of the State of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions.
In July 2017, Iris Grove Acquisition Corporation filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-12g pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and became a public reporting company. In May 2018, the Company effected a change in control of Iris Grove Acquisition Corporation. As part of that change in control, the then officers and directors of Iris Grove resigned, the Company redeemed 20,000,000 shares of the then 20,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Mark Palumbo was appointed the sole officer and director of the Company and the Company issued an aggregate of 4,200,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Palumbo and a group of investors. In addition, the Company changed its name to CannAssist International Corp.
The Company's corporate offices are located at 412 North Main Street, Buffalo, Wyoming 82834. The Company's email address is info@xceptorllc.com, and its website is www.xceptorllc.com. The Companys telephone number is 760-990-3091.
As a public reporting company pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act, the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission quarterly and annual reports and management shareholding information. The Company intends to deliver a copy of its annual report to its security holders, and will voluntarily send a copy of the annual report, including audited financial statements, to any registered shareholder who requests the same.
The Companys documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission may be inspected at the Commission  s principal office in Washington, D.C. Copies of all or any part of the registration statement may be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference rooms. The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Commission.
Emerging Growth Company
The Company qualifies as an "emerging growth company" as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act which became law in April, 2012. The definition of an "emerging growth company" is a company with an initial public offering of common equity securities which occurred after December 8, 2011 and has less than $1 billion of total annual gross revenues during last completed fiscal year. The disclosure regarding the company and The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act is incorporated herein by reference from the Form 10-12G filed on July 7, 2017.
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes to our financial statements included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors discussed elsewhere in this report.
Certain information included herein contains statements that may be considered forward-looking statements, such as statements relating to our anticipated revenues, gross margin and operating results, future performance and operations, plans for future expansion, capital spending, sources of liquidity, and financing sources. This forward-looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect anticipated results in the future, and accordingly, such results may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made herein. These risks and uncertainties include those relating to our liquidity requirements, the continued growth of the Companys industry, the success of our product development, marketing and sales activities, vigorous competition in the construction industry, dependence on existing management, leverage and debt service (including sensitivity to fluctuations in interest rates), domestic or global economic conditions, the inherent uncertainty and costs of prolonged arbitration or litigation, and changes in federal or state tax laws or the administration of such laws.
Overview
References to the financial condition and performance of the Company below in this section "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" are to Xceptor LLC, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary.
As of March 31, 2018, the Company had members' deficit of $965, and a cash balance of $485. During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company had revenues of $153 and a net loss of $345.
As of December 31, 2017, the Company had members' deficit of $620, and a cash balance of $380. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company had revenues of $232 and a net loss of $5,091.
The Company anticipates that it would need approximately $4,500,000 over the next 12 months to continue as a going concern, satisfy its capital commitments and continue its operations in accordance with its current business plan. In addition to revenues generated from sales, the Chief Executive Officer and several shareholders plan to continue to fund the Companys operations, if needed, during the next 12 months or until the Company can generate an ongoing source of capital sufficient to independently continue its operations.
As of March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, the Company has an accumulated deficit of $5,436 and $5,091, respectively. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. The Companys continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations, which it has not been able to accomplish to date, and /or obtain additional financing from its stockholders and/or other third parties.
The Companys independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt as to the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Unless the Company is able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations and/or obtain additional financing, there is a substantial doubt as to the ability of the company to continue as a going concern.
Revenues and Losses
During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company posted revenues of $153, total operating expenses of $498, consisting of general and administrative expenses of $498, and a net loss of $345.
During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company posted revenues of $232, total operating expenses of $5,323, consisting of expenses related to product testing of $2,255 and general and administrative expenses of $3,068, and a net loss of $5,091.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
As of March 31, 2018, the Company had cash available of $485. There is no assurance that the Companys activities will generate sufficient revenues to sustain its operations without additional capital, or if additional capital is needed, that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. Accordingly, given the Companys limited cash and cash equivalents on hand, the Company will be unable to implement its business plans and proposed operations unless it obtains additional financing or otherwise is able to generate revenues and profits. The Company may raise additional capital through sales of debt or equity, obtain loan financing or develop and consummate other alternative financial plans.
Discussion of the Three Months ended March 31, 2018
As of March 31, 2018, the Company generated revenues of $153 against total operating expenses of $498, consisting of general and administrative expenses of $498.
During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company generated cash from operating activities of $105.
There is no comparison to the three months ended March 31, 2017 because Xceptor LLC was formed on September 12, 2017.
Discussion of Year ended December 31, 2017
As of December 31, 2017, the Company generated revenues of $232 against total operating expenses of $5,323, consisting of expenses related to product testing of $2,255 and general and administrative expenses of $3,068.
During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company used cash in operating activities of $5,091. During such period, the Company also generated cash from financing activities of $5,471.
There is no comparison to the year ended December 31, 2016 because Xceptor LLC was formed on September 12, 2017.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements.
Equipment Financing
The Company has no equipment financing arrangements.
Source of Revenues
The Company earns revenue from executing its business plan and selling its proprietary CBD products.
Alternative Financial Planning and Liquidity
As of March 31, 2018, the Company had cash available of $485.
The Company has no alternative financial plans at the moment. If the Company is not able to successfully raise monies as needed through a private placement or other securities offering (including, but not limited to, a primary public offering of securities), the Companys ability to operate effectively will be severely jeopardized.
The Company does not anticipate that it will generate revenue sufficient to cover its planned operating expenses, and the Company must obtain additional financing in order to develop and implement its business plan and proposed operations. If the Company is not successful in generating sufficient revenues and/or obtaining additional funding to develop its business plan and proposed operations, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations liquidity and financial condition.
The Company does not anticipate that it will generate revenue sufficient to cover its planned operating expenses, and the Company must obtain additional financial in order to develop and implement its business plan and proposed operations. If the Company is not successful in generating sufficient revenues and/or obtaining additional funding to develop its business plan and proposed operations, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations liquidity and financial condition.
Critical Accounting Policies
Basis of presentation
The Companys condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring items, which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair statement of the results of operations for the periods shown and are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2018.
Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration that an entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the standard requires disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The amount of revenue that is recorded reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods. The Company applies the following five-step model in order to determine this amount: (i) identification of the promised goods in the contract; (ii) determination of whether the promised goods are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation.
The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews the contract to determine which performance obligations the Company must deliver and which of these performance obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenues the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when the performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied. Generally, the Company's performance obligations are transferred to customers at a point in time, typically upon delivery.
Income taxes
As a limited liability company, the Companys taxable income or loss is allocated to members in accordance with their respective percentage ownership. Therefore, no provision or liability for federal income taxes has been included in the financial statements. In the event of an examination of the Companys tax return, the tax liability of the members could be changed if an adjustment in the Companys income is ultimately sustained by the taxing authorities.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.
MANAGEMENT
Officers and Directors
Mark Palumbo serves as the sole officer and director of the Company. Mr. Palumbo also serves as an officer and manager of Xceptor LLC.
Mark Palumbo
President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company
Following studies at the University of Rhode Island, Mark worked in the aerospace industry for three years starting in 1980. At Ocean Technologies he worked as an electronic technician supporting the development of submarine weapon systems of the Naval Underwater Systems Center in Newport/Middletown, RI and he then worked in a similar capacity for Hughes Aircraft. To better utilize his Biology degree Mark joined DuPont Pharmaceuticals in 1983. He initially worked as a pharmaceutical representative supporting doctors, hospitals, and pharmacies in Southern California. Later he was promoted to a management position at their Long Island, NY production facility that provided contract testing and manufacturing services to the pharmaceutical, cosmetic, personal care and nutritional industries. In 1990 Mark pursued his interest in the Cosmetic and Personal Care industries. He worked at US Cosmetics selling cosmetic ingredients to US formulators and manufacturers and then, 5 years later, he moved to Collaborative Laboratories where he directed the companys global sales initiative. Utilizing his industry knowledge and experience Mark formed his own company, DIOW Products (Doing it our Way), in 1999. Working collaboratively with clients the company developed, manufactured, and supplied raw materials for personal care, cosmetics and nutritional products. DIOW was sold in 2008 and using the retained assets, EME Ltd. was formed that same year. Through Marks leadership EME Ltd. has worked independently and collaboratively to develop new products and to enhance the bioavailability and ease-of-use of existing products. EME Ltd. currently includes a cell biology laboratory and two botanically based personal care, cosmetic, food and nutritional companies.
Director Compensation
Directors do not receive any compensation for serving on the Board of Directors.
Committees and Terms
The Board of Directors has not established any committees. The Company will notify its shareholders for an annual shareholder meeting and that they may present proposals for inclusion in the Companys proxy statement to be mailed in connection with any such annual meeting; such proposals must be received by the Company at least 90 days prior to the meeting. No other specific policy has been adopted in regard to the inclusion of shareholder nominations to the Board of Directors.
Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents
The Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws of the Company provide that the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as amended from time to time, indemnify all directors of the Company, as well as any officers or employees of the Company to whom the Company has agreed to grant indemnification.
Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law empowers a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers and to purchase insurance with respect to liability arising out of their capacity or status as directors and officers provided that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (I) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) arising under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
The Delaware General Corporation Law provides further that the indemnification permitted thereunder shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the directors and officers may be entitled under the corporation's by-laws, any agreement, vote of shareholders or otherwise.
The effect of the foregoing is to require the Company to indemnify the officers and directors of the Company for any claim arising against such persons in their official capacities if such person acted in good faith and in a manner that he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.
INSOFAR AS INDEMNIFICATION FOR LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, MAY BE PERMITTED TO DIRECTORS, OFFICERS OR PERSONS CONTROLLING THE COMPANY PURSUANT TO THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS, IT IS THE OPINION OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION THAT SUCH INDEMNIFICATION IS AGAINST PUBLIC POLICY AS EXPRESSED IN THE ACT AND IS THEREFORE UNENFORCEABLE.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Summary Compensation
Mark Palumbo has served as the only officer and director of the Company. Mr. Palumbo has also served as the only officer and manager of Xceptor LLC, the wholly owned subsidiary. Mr. Palumbo received no compensation from either company for his services as an officer or director.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth information with respect to ownership of issued and outstanding stock of the Company as of the date hereof by each executive officer and director of the Company and any person or group known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of the Company's voting securities:
COMMON STOCK
Common Shares Percentage Owned Of Class(1) Mark Palumbo (2)(3) President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 4,800,000 66 %
Common Shares
Percentage
Owned Of Class(1)
Owned
Of Class(1)
Mark Palumbo (2)(3) President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 4,800,000 66 %
President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director
4,800,000
66
%
(1) Based on 7,200,000 common stock shares outstanding.
Based on 7,200,000 common stock shares outstanding.
(2) Consists of 3,000,000 shares initially owned in the Company as a result of the change in control and 1,800,000 shares received in exchange for membership interests in Xceptor, LLC owned by him pursuant to the Acquisition.
Consists of 3,000,000 shares initially owned in the Company as a result of the change in control and 1,800,000 shares received in exchange for membership interests in Xceptor, LLC owned by him pursuant to the Acquisition.
(3) Mr. Palumbos address is 412 North Main Street, Buffalo, Wyoming 82834.
Mr. Palumbos address is 412 North Main Street, Buffalo, Wyoming 82834.
MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Dividends
The Company has not paid any dividends to date. The Company has not made any determination about if and when it will pay dividends on its common stock.
Preferred Stock
The Company has 20,000,000 authorized undesignated shares of preferred stock. No preferred stock has been designated nor issued.
Market Price
There is no public market for the Companys common stock and there is no market price for the Company's common stock.
Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities
The Companys Certificate of Incorporation include an indemnification provision that provides that the Company shall indemnify directors against monetary damages to the Company or any of its shareholders by reason of a breach of the directors fiduciary except (i) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct of (iii) for unlawful payment of dividend or unlawful stock purchase or redemption or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
The Bylaws of the Company provide that the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as amended from time to time, indemnify all directors of the Company, as well as any officers or employees of the Company to whom the Company has agreed to grant indemnification. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DCL") empowers a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers and to purchase insurance with respect to liability arising out of their capacity or status as directors and officers provided that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) arising under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The Delaware General Corporation Law provides further that the indemnification permitted thereunder shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the directors and officers may be entitled under the corporation's by-laws, any agreement, vote of shareholders or otherwise.
The effect of the foregoing is to require the Company to indemnify the officers and directors of the Company for any claim arising against such persons in their official capacities if such person acted in good faith and in a manner that he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.
The Certificate of Incorporation does not specifically indemnify the officers or directors or controlling persons against liability under the Securities Act.
The Securities and Exchange Commissions position on indemnification of officers, directors and control persons under the Securities Act by the Company is as follows:
INSOFAR AS INDEMNIFICATION FOR LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 MAY BE PERMITTED TO DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND CONTROLLING PERSONS OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURSUANT TO THE RULES OF THE COMMISSION, OR OTHERWISE, THE SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER HAS BEEN ADVISED THAT IN THE OPINION OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION SUCH INDEMNIFICATION IS AGAINST PUBLIC POLICY AS EXPRESSED IN THE ACT AND IS, THEREFORE, UNENFORCEABLE.
