Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
Cardiff Lexington Corporation (OTCQB:CDIX) and Platinum Tax Defenders (Private: Platinum Tax Defenders) announced they have signed a definitive merger agreement under which Platinum Tax Defenders will merge into Cardiff Lexington as its subsidiary in a cash and stock transaction valued over $2 million.
Cardiff Lexingtons total annualized revenue going forward will increase to $6.7 million dollars. In 2017 Platinum Tax Defenders reported $3.2 million in revenue; and adjusted EBITDA of $457,000. This merger provides Cardiff Lexington entry into the ever-growing tax resolution business.
Platinum Tax Defenders (http://www.platinumtaxdefenders.com) a forward-thinking leader in the Tax Resolution Industry, that not only has no limit to the size of the tax debt they can assist with, but also provides services to the under-served taxpayer owing less than$10,000. This unique yet proven business model has enabled Platinum Tax Defenders to experience tremendous growth. Platinum Tax Defenders offers a wide variety of tax resolution, bookkeeping, and tax preparation services for individuals and businesses that are dealing with back taxes or are having issues paying off their current year tax bill. For those owing back taxes it can be a stressful time when the taxman comes knocking. Taxes are simply a part of life, and they must be paid; yet in todays economy, many people of all backgrounds and financial classes are having issues with back tax payments as well as current year tax bills. The IRS is very aware of the issues that many hard-working individuals and business owners are facing, and today more than ever they are offering a variety of options to pay down tax debt. These include payment plans, Offer in Compromise (one-time lump sum payment), Currently non-Collectible hardship status and penalty abatement. The issue that many people have when it comes to paying taxes is simple financial anxiety. They may worry that the IRS wont accept their terms, or they are simply not knowledgeable on how the IRS operates.
tax resolution
bookkeeping
tax preparation
tax debt
payment plans
Offer in Compromise
one-time lump sum payment
Currently non-Collectible
In connection with the closing of the acquisition, on the effective date of the signed Forward Acquisition Agreement, a Preferred L Class of stock was established with a value of $0.013 per share ("Platinum Tax Defenders Preferred L Class Stock) as consideration. The Preferred L Class of stock has a par value $0.001 per share. The preferred share was adjusted as a result of the authorization and declaration of a special distribution to Platinum Tax Defenders stockholders at $0.013 per share with a conversion rate of 1 to 1.25 Common Stock with a Lock-Up/Leak-Out provision limiting the sale of stock for12 months after which conversions and sales are limited to 20% of their portfolio per year, pursuant to the terms of the Acquisition Agreement.
Pending the results of the independent audit, and unanimous debtholder participation, CDIX will issue 98,307,692 shares of CDIX Preferred L Shares to Platinum Tax Defenders shareholders as Stock Consideration as agreed to in the signed Forward Acquisition Agreement. Based on the price of CDIXs Common stock at $0.013 per share, the acquisition consideration represents an approximate value of $1,278,000. Upon completion of the independent audit any changes will be announced in an amended 8-K within the required 71 day period.
On June 8, 2018, CDIXs Board of Directors approved retaining current founders to serve as senior management of Platinum Tax Defenders.
There are no family relationships of our directors or executive officers.
