Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On September 20, 2018, Cheniere Energy, Inc. (Cheniere), a Delaware corporation, completed its previously announced acquisition of Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings, LLC (CQH), a Delaware limited liability company, pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of June 18, 2018, by and among Cheniere, CQH, and Columbia Acquisition Sub LLC (Merger Sub), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Cheniere. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, CQH merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity (the Surviving Entity) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cheniere (the Merger).
As a result of the Merger, each common share representing limited liability company interests in CQH (each, a CQH Common Share) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) (excluding certain Excluded Shares, as defined in the Merger Agreement) was converted into the right to receive 0.4750 of a share of common stock, par value $0.003, of Cheniere (Cheniere Common Stock).
The issuance of the shares of Cheniere Common Stock in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to Chenieres registration statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-226231), declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 21, 2018. The consent solicitation/prospectus (the Consent Solicitation/Prospectus) included in the registration statement contains additional information about the Merger.
No. 333-226231),
The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to CQHs Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 19, 2018.
