Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The information provided in the Explanatory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
The information provided in the Explanatory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
At the Effective Time, each share of Cotiviti common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including shares of Common Stock that were issued as restricted Common Stock that vested on or prior to the date of the consummation of the Merger, but excluding (i) any shares of Common Stock held directly by Verscend, Merger Sub or any of their subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) shares of Common Stock held in treasury of Cotiviti and (iii) shares of Common Stock held by any stockholder who has not voted in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement or consented thereto in writing and who has properly exercised appraisal rights of such shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporate Law and has not effectively withdrawn or lost the right to appraisal under Delaware law), was cancelled and extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive $44.75 in cash (the Merger Consideration), payable to the holder thereof, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes or other amounts required to be withheld therefrom under applicable law.
At the Effective Time, each share of Cotiviti common stock, par value $0.001 per share (
Common Stock
), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including shares of Common Stock that were issued as restricted Common Stock that vested on or prior to the date of the consummation of the Merger, but excluding (i) any shares of Common Stock held directly by Verscend, Merger Sub or any of their subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) shares of Common Stock held in treasury of Cotiviti and (iii) shares of Common Stock held by any stockholder who has not voted in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement or consented thereto in writing and who has properly exercised appraisal rights of such shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporate Law and has not effectively withdrawn or lost the right to appraisal under Delaware law), was cancelled and extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive $44.75 in cash (the 
Merger Consideration
), payable to the holder thereof, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes or other amounts required to be withheld therefrom under applicable law.
Immediately prior to the Effective Time, each option to purchase shares of Common Stock that was outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, vested in full and was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of the Merger Consideration, net of the applicable per share exercise price, and the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock subject to the option (and subject to applicable tax withholding or other amounts required by applicable law to be withheld). Options with a per share exercise price equal to or exceeding the Merger Consideration were cancelled without payment.
Immediately prior to the Effective Time, each option to purchase shares of Common Stock that was outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, vested in full and was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of the Merger Consideration, net of the applicable per share exercise price, and the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock subject to the option (and subject to applicable tax withholding or other amounts required by applicable law to be withheld). Options with a per share exercise price equal to or exceeding the Merger Consideration were cancelled without payment.
Immediately prior to the Effective Time, each award of restricted stock and restricted stock units covering shares of Common Stock that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, vested in full and was converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of the Merger Consideration and the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock subject to the award (and subject to applicable tax withholding or other amounts required by applicable law to be withheld).
Immediately prior to the Effective Time, each award of restricted stock and restricted stock units covering shares of Common Stock that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, vested in full and was converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of the Merger Consideration and the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock subject to the award (and subject to applicable tax withholding or other amounts required by applicable law to be withheld).
The definitive proxy statement of Cotiviti, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on July 23, 2018, and the supplemental disclosure to the proxy statement of Cotiviti, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2018, contain additional information about the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including information concerning the interests of directors, executive officers and affiliates of Cotiviti in the Merger.
SEC
) on July 23, 2018, and the supplemental disclosure to the proxy statement of Cotiviti, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2018, contain additional information about the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including information concerning the interests of directors, executive officers and affiliates of Cotiviti in the Merger.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 3.01.Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. The information provided in the Explanatory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. On August 27, 2018, in connection with the consummation of the Merger, Cotiviti notified the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) that a certificate of merger was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Cotiviti requested that the NYSE file with the SEC a Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), on Form 25 in order to effect the delisting of the Common Stock from the NYSE and the deregistration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b). As a result, trading of the Common Stock, which traded under the ticker symbol COTV on the NYSE, was suspended prior to the opening of trading on the NYSE on August 27, 2018. Cotiviti intends to file a certification on Form 15 with the SEC requesting that Cotivitis reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Common Stock be suspended. Item 3.03.Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. The information provided in the Explanatory Note, Item 2.01 and Item 3.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. At the Effective Time, each holder of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time ceased to have any rights as a stockholder of Cotiviti (other than the right to receive the Merger Consideration for such shares) and accordingly, no longer has any interest in Cotivitis future earnings or growth. Item 5.01.Changes in Control of Registrant. The information provided in the Explanatory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. As a result of the consummation of the Merger, a change of control of Cotiviti occurred and Cotiviti became a wholly owned subsidiary of Verscend. Verscend funded the acquisition through a combination of debt, equity and preferred equity financing. Item 5.02.Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangement of Certain Officers. The information provided in the Explanatory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. Directors Immediately prior to the Effective Time, in connection with the consummation of the Merger and in accordance with the Merger Agreement, each member of Cotivitis board of directors resigned from and ceased serving on Cotivitis board of directors and any and all committees thereof. No director resigned as a result of any disagreement with Cotiviti on any matter relating to Cotivitis operations, policies or practices. The members of Cotivitis board of directors immediately prior to the Effective Time were David Swift, Elizabeth Connolly Alexander, Mala Anand, Kenneth Goulet, Ruben J. King-Shaw, Jr., John Maldonado, James Parisi, Christopher Pike, J. Douglas Williams, and R. Halsey Wise. In connection with the consummation of the Merger and in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, Emad Rizk, James Dimitri, Ramzi Musallam and Joseph Longosz, became the directors of Cotiviti, effective as of the Effective Time.
Item 3.01.Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.
