Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On August 24, 2018, CyrusOne Inc. (the Company) completed its previously announced acquisition of Zenium Topco Ltd., a Cayman Islands Company (Zenium) and certain other affiliated entities, pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated December 21, 2017 (as amended from time to time, the Sale and Purchase Agreement) by and among the Company, CyrusOne Dutch Holdings B.V. (Purchaser), a Dutch limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, CyrusOne LP (CyrusOne LP), a Maryland limited partnership and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Zenium, ZTL Seller Rep, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Quantum Strategic Partners Ltd. (Quantum), a Cayman Islands company, and certain other sellers (together with Quantum, the Sellers). Zenium is a hyperscale data center provider in Europe with four operating data centers in London and Frankfurt and additional development sites in London and Frankfurt.
Company
) completed its previously announced acquisition of Zenium Topco Ltd., a Cayman Islands Company (
) and certain other affiliated entities, pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated December 21, 2017 (as amended from time to time, the 
) by and among the Company, CyrusOne Dutch Holdings B.V. (
Purchaser
), a Dutch limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, CyrusOne LP (
), a Maryland limited partnership and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Zenium, ZTL Seller Rep, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Quantum Strategic Partners Ltd. (
), a Cayman Islands company, and certain other sellers (together with Quantum, the 
Sellers
). Zenium is a hyperscale data center provider in Europe with four operating data centers in London and Frankfurt and additional development sites in London and Frankfurt.
At closing, the Sellers sold and Purchaser acquired all of the issued share capital in Zenium and certain other affiliated entities. In connection with the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Sale and Purchase Agreement, the Company paid aggregate cash consideration of approximately $474.5 million and assumed approximately $85 million of outstanding indebtedness and $22 million of cash on hand at Zenium. The Company financed the acquisition with proceeds from its $300 million delayed draw term loan and revolver borrowings under its existing credit facility, dated as of March 29, 2018, among CyrusOne LP, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders, KeyBank National Association, as syndication agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners.
This description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Sale and Purchase Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Companys Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2017, and the amendments to the Sale and Purchase Agreement, each of which were filed as exhibits to the Companys Form 8-Ks filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2018, May 21, 2018, May 29, 2018, June 29, 2018, July 20, 2018, July 30, 2018, August 13, 2018 and August 15, 2018.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
