Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On July 31, 2018, CYS completed the Merger pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. On the Closing Date, Merger Sub merged with and into CYS, with CYS continuing as the surviving corporation. The Articles of Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement were filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland, with an effective time and date of 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the Closing Date (the Effective Time).
At the Effective Time, each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of CYS (CYS Common Stock) (other than shares held by Two Harbors or Merger Sub or by any wholly owned subsidiary of Two Harbors, Merger Sub or CYS, which were automatically cancelled and retired and ceased to exist) was converted into the right to receive from Two Harbors (a) 0.4680 newly issued shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Two Harbors (the Two Harbors Common Stock) and (b) the Per Share Cash Consideration of $0.0965, as specified in the Merger Agreement (collectively, the Merger Consideration). No fractional shares of Two Harbors Common Stock were issued in the Merger, and the value of any fractional interests to which a former holder of CYS Common Stock is otherwise entitled will be paid in cash.
In connection with the Merger, at the Effective Time, each share of 7.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of CYS (the CYS Series A Preferred Stock) was converted into the right to receive one share of newly classified 7.75% Series D Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Two Harbors (the Two Harbors Series D Preferred Stock), and each share of 7.50% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of CYS (the CYS Series B Preferred Stock) was converted into the right to receive one share of newly classified 7.50% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Two Harbors (the Two Harbors Series E Preferred Stock). The Two Harbors Series D Preferred Stock has the same rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers as those of the CYS Series A Preferred Stock, and the Two Harbors Series E Preferred Stock has the same rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers as those of the CYS Series B Preferred Stock.
Per the terms of the transactions described in the Merger Agreement, approximately 72.7 million shares of Two Harbors Common Stock will be issued in connection with the Merger to former CYS common stockholders, and former CYS common stockholders will own approximately 29% of the common equity of the combined company.
The foregoing description of the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement contained in this Item 2.01 is only a summary and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to CYS Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2018, and is incorporated by reference herein as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
8-K.
