ITEM 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.
COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.
As disclosed in the registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2018 (the May 1st Current Report), on April 27, 2018, the registrant, formerly known as Klever Marketing, Inc. and now known as DarkPulse, Inc. (the Company), DarkPulse Technologies Inc., a New Brunswick corporation (the Private Company), and DPTH Acquisition Corporation, a Utah corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger Subsidiary) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which the Merger Subsidiary would merge with and into the Private Company and the Private Company would be the surviving corporation and become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger). As disclosed in the registrants Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 13, 2018 (the July 13th Current Report), on July 7, 2018, the parties to the Merger Agreement amended the Merger Agreement to (i) eliminate the requirement that the Company effect a reverse stock split prior to closing, (ii) modify the number and type of shares that would be issued to the shareholders of the Private Company in the Merger, and (iii) make several other clerical amendments to the Merger Agreement.
Company
Private Company
Merger Subsidiary
Merger Agreement
July 13th Current Report
With respect to eliminating the requirement that the Company effect a reverse stock split prior to closing, on or about July 7, 2018, the Company determined that it would not pursue a reverse stock split prior to closing and that it would abandon its preliminary Schedule 14C filed on June 7, 2018, with respect the reverse stock split. The Company will file a new preliminary Schedule 14C should it determine to pursue a reverse stock split in the future.
With respect to the merger consideration to be received by the shareholders of the Private Company, instead of 85,000 shares of Company common stock being issued for each 1 share of Private Company common stock in the Merger, the parties amended the Merger Agreement to require the Company to issue 100 shares of Series D Preferred Stock for each 1 share of Private Company common stock.
On July 18, 2018, the parties closed the Merger and filed Articles of Merger merging the Merger Subsidiary with and into the Private Company, the Private Company paid the Company $150,000 as required by the Merger Agreement, and the Company issued 88,235 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock (the Shares) to the Private Company shareholders in consideration of their shares of the Private Company, with the Private Company becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As a result of the Merger, the Private Company has been acquired by the Company, and the Private Company is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
The foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement and its amendment are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement and the amendment to the Merger Agreement, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to each of the May 1st Current Report and July 13th Current Report, respectively, and incorporated by reference in this report.
th
