Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On September 21, 2018, Del Friscos Restaurant Group, Inc. (the Company) completed the initial closing of the previously announced sale of its Sullivans Steakhouse business (the Transaction) to Romanos Macaroni Grill. The Transaction included the sale of Sullivans of Alaska, Inc., Sullivans of Arizona, Inc., Sullivans of Baltimore, Inc., California Sullivans, Inc., Sullivans of Illinois, Inc., Sullivans of Indiana, Inc., Sullivans of Kansas, Inc., Louisiana Steakhouse, Inc., Sullivans Restaurants of Nebraska, Inc., Sullivans of North Carolina, Inc., North Philadelphia Sullivans, Inc., and Sullivans Franchise Corporation and certain other assets of the Company and its subsidiaries related to the Sullivans Steakhouse restaurant business. Secondary closings in respect of the sale of Sullivans of Delaware, Inc. and Sullivans of North Carolina, Inc. are expected to occur by the end of the Companys first quarter of 2019. The Company received consideration of $32 million in the Transaction.
Company
) completed the initial closing of the previously announced sale of its Sullivans Steakhouse business (the 
Transaction
) to Romanos Macaroni Grill. The Transaction included the sale of Sullivans of Alaska, Inc., Sullivans of Arizona, Inc., Sullivans of Baltimore, Inc., California Sullivans, Inc., Sullivans of Illinois, Inc., Sullivans of Indiana, Inc., Sullivans of Kansas, Inc., Louisiana Steakhouse, Inc., Sullivans Restaurants of Nebraska, Inc., Sullivans of North Carolina, Inc., North Philadelphia Sullivans, Inc., and Sullivans Franchise Corporation and certain other assets of the Company and its subsidiaries related to the Sullivans Steakhouse restaurant business. Secondary closings in respect of the sale of Sullivans of Delaware, Inc. and Sullivans of North Carolina, Inc. are expected to occur by the end of the Companys first quarter of 2019. The Company received consideration of $32 million in the Transaction.
Additional information regarding the Transaction was previously disclosed in Item 1.01 of the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on September 19, 2018, which additional information is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.01.
The foregoing description of the Transaction is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Asset and Equity Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and the terms of which are incorporated by reference in this Item 2.01
), a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and the terms of which are incorporated by reference in this Item 2.01
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure
