Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On September 4, 2018, DocuSign, Inc. (the Company), through its wholly-owned subsidiary Sparrow Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub"), completed its previously announced acquisition of SpringCM Inc., a Delaware corporation (SpringCM), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) dated July 31, 2018, by and among the Company, Merger Sub, SpringCM and TF Corporate Services LLC, as the stockholders representative thereunder. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into SpringCM, with SpringCM continuing as the surviving company and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
September 4, 2018
, DocuSign, Inc. (the Company), through its wholly-owned subsidiary Sparrow Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub"), completed its previously announced acquisition of SpringCM Inc., a Delaware corporation (SpringCM), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) dated July 31, 2018, by and among the Company, Merger Sub, SpringCM and TF Corporate Services LLC, as the stockholders representative thereunder. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into SpringCM, with SpringCM continuing as the surviving company and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
The aggregate consideration payable in exchange for all of the outstanding equity interests of SpringCM was approximately $220 million in cash, subject to adjustments as set forth in the Merger Agreement. In addition, certain continuing employees of SpringCM will receive performance-vested restricted stock units as well as other retention incentives.
$220 million
in cash, subject to adjustments as set forth in the Merger Agreement. In addition, certain continuing employees of SpringCM will receive performance-vested restricted stock units as well as other retention incentives.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is a summary, is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2018.
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
