Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On June 29, 2018, Echelon Corporation (the Company) announced its entry into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 28, 2018 (the Merger Agreement), among the Company, Adesto Technologies Corporation (Parent) and Circuit Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub). The Merger Agreement provided for Merger Sub to be merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger). On September 14, 2018, the Merger occurred.
At the effective time of the Merger, each share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than shares held by (1) Parent, the Company or their respective subsidiaries; or (2) stockholders who have properly and validly exercised their appraisal rights under Delaware law) was cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive $8.50 per share in cash, without interest (the Per Share Price).
At the effective time of the Merger, whether vested or unvested, all shares of Common Stock underlying (1) option awards were converted into the right to receive the spread between the Per Share Price and the applicable exercise price; and (2) restricted stock unit awards were converted into the right to receive the Per Share Price, with any performance targets deemed to be satisfied at the target level of performance.
The aggregate consideration paid by Parent for the Merger was approximately $44.1 million. The Parent financed the acquisition with proceeds from the Parents public offering of its common stock completed in July 2018 and cash on the Companys balance sheet.
The description of the Merger set forth above does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed by the Company as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2018, and is incorporated by reference.
