Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The information provided in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
At the REIT Merger Effective Time, each outstanding share of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Company (the Company Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the REIT Merger Effective Time was converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $41.50, without interest and subject to certain adjustments set forth in the Merger Agreement (the REIT Per Share Merger Consideration). At the OP Merger Effective Time, each Class A Unit of limited partnership interest in Company OP (Company OP Unit) (other than any Company OP Unit held directly or indirectly by Company, OP GP or any other subsidiary of the Company) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the OP Merger Effective Time was converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $41.50, without interest and subject to certain adjustments set forth in the Merger Agreement (the OP Per Share Merger Consideration). At the DownREIT Merger Effective Time, each common partnership unit in DownREIT (DownREIT Unit) (other than any DownREIT Unit held directly or indirectly by Company, DownREIT GP, Company OP or any other subsidiary of the Company) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the DownREIT Merger Effective Time was converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $41.50, without interest and subject to certain adjustments set forth in the Merger Agreement. Immediately prior to the OP Merger Effective Time, each outstanding long term incentive plan unit in the Company OP subject to vesting or other forfeiture conditions or repurchase rights that remained unvested or subject to forfeiture conditions or repurchase automatically became fully vested and free of any forfeiture conditions or repurchase rights immediately prior to the OP Merger Effective Time and was converted into an outstanding Company OP Unit for all purposes, including the right to receive the OP Per Share Merger Consideration.
In connection with the Mergers, a joint venture between an affiliate of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and an affiliate of Greystar acquired a portfolio of 20 of the Companys communities for approximately $1.2 billion.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 25, 2018, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.
