ITEM 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On July 1, 2018, ExlService Holdings, Inc. (the Company), through its wholly owned subsidiary ExlService.com, LLC (Buyer) and Buyers wholly owned subsidiary ExlService Cayman Merger Sub (Merger Sub), completed the acquisition of SCIOInspire Holdings Inc. (SCIO) pursuant to its previously announced Agreement of Merger (the Merger Agreement) dated April 28, 2018. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into SCIO, with SCIO continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Buyer (the Merger). SCIO is a health analytics solution and services company serving over 100 healthcare organizations representing over 130 million covered lives across the continuum including providers, health plans, PBMs, employers, health services and global life sciences companies.
The aggregate consideration payable at closing of the merger was $236.5 million based on completion of diligence, which amount was adjusted based on, among other things, SCIOs cash, debt, working capital position and other adjustments as of the Closing as set forth in the Merger Agreement. A portion of the merger consideration was placed into escrow for post-Closing working capital adjustments and certain indemnifiable matters under the Merger Agreement. Immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger, certain members of the senior management team of SCIO exchanged approximately $4 million in shares of SCIO for 69,459 newly-issued shares of restricted common stock of the Company in a private exchange. This share exchange reduced, dollar for dollar, the cash amount paid by the Company at Closing, which was paid with a combination of cash on hand and borrowing from its credit facility. The shares of the Company issued to each such senior management team members are subject to a two-year lock-up period unless he or she is terminated without cause.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the press release issued by the Company concerning the foregoing is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
