Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On August 31, 2018, pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Stock Purchase and Affiliate Merger Agreement, dated April 16, 2018, by and among First US Bancshares, Inc. (the Company); First US Bank, the Companys wholly owned subsidiary (FUSB); The Peoples Bank (TPB); Tracy E. Thompson and Tyler S. Thompson, in their respective capacities as shareholders of TPB (the Transaction Shareholders); and Tracy E. Thompson, as shareholder representative (the Purchase Agreement), the Company completed its previously announced acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of TPB from the Transaction Shareholders (the Stock Purchase). On the same date, the Company merged TPB with and into FUSB, with FUSB as the surviving bank (the Bank Merger).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Transaction Shareholders received at closing an aggregate payment of $22,990,060 (the Closing Date Consideration), with the final consideration to be determined upon completion of a post-closing review of TPBs closing date balance sheet and other agreed-upon adjustments as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The Company paid the Closing Date Consideration in the form of (i) a cash payment (approximately 90%) and (ii) unregistered shares of the Companys common stock (approximately 10%), the number of which was determined based on the average closing price of the Companys common stock for the twenty trading days ending on the second business day prior to the closing date, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The share component and a portion of the cash component of the Closing Date Consideration were deposited into an escrow account, to be released in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement.
This description of the Stock Purchase, the Bank Merger and the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1.
