tem 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
As previously reported, in November 2017 we entered a transaction agreement with SNH pursuant to which we agreed to sell six senior living communities to SNH for an aggregate sales price of approximately $104.4 million, including SNHs assumption of approximately $33.5 million of mortgage debt principal secured by certain of these senior living communities and excluding closing costs. Also, as previously reported, in December 2017, January 2018 and February 2018, we sold to SNH two of these senior living communities located in Alabama and Indiana, one of these senior living communities located in Tennessee, and one of these senior living communities located in Arizona, respectively. We began managing those senior living communities for the account of SNH upon completion of those sales pursuant to management agreements and pooling agreements between us and SNH. On June 29, 2018, we sold to SNH the remaining two of these senior living communities located in Tennessee for an aggregate sales price of approximately $23.3 million, including SNHs assumption of approximately $16.6 million of mortgage debt principal secured by those senior living communities and excluding closing costs. We began managing those senior living communities for the account of SNH upon completion of those sales pursuant to management agreements and the existing Pooling Agreement No. 12 between us and SNH, which we and SNH amended and restated on June 28, 2018 to include another senior living community owned by SNH and located in California that we began managing for the account of SNH on that date pursuant to a management agreement between us and SNH after the previous tenant defaulted on its lease with SNH.
The foregoing references to the transaction agreement and to our management and pooling agreements with SNH are qualified in their entirety by reference to the descriptions of those documents included in Note 9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, or our Quarterly Report, and in Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, or our Annual Report, and to the full text of the transaction agreement, including the forms of management and pooling agreements and other exhibits and schedules thereto, a copy of which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and of our Amended and Restated Pooling Agreement No. 12, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
Information Regarding Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions
We were formerly a 100% owned subsidiary of SNH until SNH distributed our common shares to its shareholders in 2001. SNH is currently one of our largest stockholders, owning, as of March 31, 2018, 4,235,000 of our common shares, or approximately 8.4% of our outstanding common shares. SNH is our largest landlord and we manage senior living communities for SNH. One of our Managing Directors, Adam Portnoy, is a managing trustee of SNH. Our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer was formerly SNHs chief financial officer and treasurer. The RMR Group LLC, or RMR LLC, provides management services to both us and SNH. The RMR Group Inc., or RMR Inc., the managing member of RMR LLC, is controlled by Adam Portnoy as the sole trustee of ABP Trust. A subsidiary of ABP Trust is our largest stockholder, owning, as of March 31, 2018, 17,999,999 of our common shares, or approximately 35.6% of our outstanding common shares. SNHs executive officers are officers of RMR LLC. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and our Executive Vice President and General Counsel are officers of RMR LLC. Another subsidiary of ABP Trust is the landlord for our headquarters. Because of the continuing relationships between us and SNH, the terms of the transaction agreement and our management and pooling arrangements with SNH were negotiated and approved by special committees of our Board of Directors and SNHs board of trustees composed of our Independent Directors and SNHs independent trustees who are not also Directors or trustees of the other party, which committees were represented by separate counsel.
For further information about these and other such relationships and related person transactions, please see our Quarterly Report, our Annual Report, our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or our Proxy Statement, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including Notes 9, 10 and 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in our Quarterly Report and the sections captioned Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsRelated Person Transactions and Warning Concerning Forward Looking Statements of our Quarterly Report, Notes 9, 11, 15 and 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report and the sections captioned Business, Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsRelated Person Transactions and Warning Concerning Forward Looking Statements of our Annual Report and the section captioned Related Person Transactions and the information regarding our Directors and executive officers included in our Proxy Statement. In addition, please see the
2
