Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On August 9, 2018, Continental General Insurance Company (CGIC), an indirect subsidiary of HC2 Holdings, Inc. (the Company), consummated the previously announced transactions contemplated by a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA) with Humana, Inc., a public company incorporated in Delaware (Humana). Pursuant to the SPA, CGIC acquired all of the outstanding shares of KMG America Corporation (KMG), the parent company of Kanawha Insurance Company (KIC), Humanas long-term care insurance subsidiary (the Acquisition).
CGIC
), an indirect subsidiary of HC2 Holdings, Inc. (the 
Company
), consummated the previously announced transactions contemplated by a Stock Purchase Agreement (the 
SPA
) with Humana, Inc., a public company incorporated in Delaware (
). Pursuant to the SPA, CGIC acquired all of the outstanding shares of KMG America Corporation (
), the parent company of Kanawha Insurance Company (
KIC
), Humanas long-term care insurance subsidiary (the 
Acquisition
).
As consideration for the Acquisition, (a) CGI paid $10,000 to Humana for all outstanding KMG shares, and (b) Humana made a capital contribution of approximately $195 million to KIC prior to the closing of the Acquisition, subject to adjustment based on certain operating results from June 30, 2017 through the closing date of the SPA.
As a condition to the approval of the Acquisition by the South Carolina Department of Insurance, CGIC agreed to redomesticate KIC from South Carolina to Texas and simultaneously merge KIC with and into CGIC, with CGIC surviving (the Merger), and to maintain a risk-based capital ratio of no less than 450 percent for two years following the closing. Similarly, CGIC agreed with the Texas Commissioner of Insurance that it will maintain a total adjusted capital to authorized control risk-based capital level of no less than 450 percent for two years from the date of the Merger and of no less than 400 percent for the subsequent three years.
Merger
), and to maintain a risk-based capital ratio of no less than 450 percent for two years following the closing. Similarly, CGIC agreed with the Texas Commissioner of Insurance that it will maintain a total adjusted capital to authorized control risk-based capital level of no less than 450 percent for two years from the date of the Merger and of no less than 400 percent for the subsequent three years.
The foregoing information is a summary of the transactions described above and, as such, is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the SPA, which was filed as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2017.
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure
