Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On July 20, 2018, Hecla Mining Company (the Company or Hecla) and our wholly owned subsidiary, 1156291 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company (B.C. UNLTD.) completed the acquisition of Klondex Mines Ltd. (Klondex) pursuant to the terms of the March 16, 2018 Arrangement Agreement among the parties, as amended (the Agreement). Under the terms of the Agreement, Hecla acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Klondex for $153,205,757 and 75,276,176 shares of Hecla common stock (Purchase Price). The Agreement, filed as exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2018, as amended by the First Amendment to Arrangement Agreement dated as of June 4, 2018 (filed as exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2018) and by the Second Amendment to Arrangement Agreement dated as of July 5, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2018), is incorporated herein by reference.
The Agreement has been incorporated by reference herein to provide you with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about us. Such information can be found elsewhere in other public filings we have made with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which are available without charge at www.sec.gov.
The Agreement contains representations and warranties the Company and Klondex made. The assertions embodied in those representations and warranties are qualified by information in a confidential disclosure letter that the Company has exchanged in connection with signing the Agreement. While the Company does not believe that it contains information securities laws require us to publicly disclose other than information that has already been so disclosed, the disclosure letter does contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations and warranties set forth in the Agreement. Accordingly, you should not rely on the representations and warranties as characterizations of the actual state of facts, since they are modified in important part by the disclosure letter. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may have changed since the date of the Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures.
As reported on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2018, on that date we entered into a Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Credit Agreement) with The Bank of Nova Scotia, ING Capital LLC, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N. A. (the Lenders) to replace our prior credit agreement. We borrowed $47,000,000 under the Credit Agreement to partially fund the cash portion of the Purchase Price and for related closing expenses. We funded the remainder of the cash portion of the Purchase Price using cash on hand.
