Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Effective August 22, 2018, Atlantic Acquisition Corp., a Delaware company (Atlantic) consummated the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement (the Merger Agreement), dated as of March 28, 2018, by and among HF Group Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware subsidiary formed by Atlantic, HF Group Holding Corporation, a North Carolina corporation (HF Group), the stockholders of HF Group, and Zhou Min Ni, as representative of the stockholders of HF Group.
Atlantic Acquisition Corp., or Atlantic, was incorporated in Delaware on May 19, 2016. Atlantic was formed with the purpose of acquiring, through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, what we refer to as a target business. Atlantics efforts to identify a prospective target business were not limited to any particular industry or geographic region, although it initially intended to focus on target businesses being operated by and/or serving ethnic minorities in the United States, especially within Asian-American communities.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, HF Group merged with HF Merger Sub and HF Group became the surviving entity (the Merger) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Atlantic (the Acquisition). Additionally, upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Closing), (i) the stockholders of HF Group became the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock of Atlantic, and (ii) Atlantic changed its name to HF Foods Group Inc. (collectively, these transactions are sometimes referred to as the Transactions).
The Transactions and certain other matters were voted upon by the Atlantic stockholders, and the terms of the Acquisition, financial information related to Atlantic and HF Group and other information required to be filed, except as otherwise noted herein, are described and contained in the definitive Proxy Statement dated as of July 16, 2018 (Proxy Statement) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 18, 2018 and mailed to Atlantics stockholders on or about July 19, 2018.
Atlantic held a meeting of its stockholders on August 10, 2018, at which meeting its stockholders approved the Transactions and certain other matters, including the change of the name of Atlantic to HF Food Group Inc. Item 5.07 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein. For purposes of this Report, we continue to refer to the public company, Atlantic Acquisition Corp, as Atlantic regardless of the name change which is being completed as of the Closing.
At closing on August 22, 2018, Atlantic issued the HF Group stockholders an aggregate of 19,969,831 shares of its common stock, equal to approximately 88.5% of the aggregate issued and outstanding shares of Atlantics common stock. The pre-Transaction stockholders of Atlantic own the remaining 11.5% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the combined entities.
The Merger Agreement is described more fully in the sections entitled The Business Combination Proposal and The Acquisition Agreement beginning at pages 36 and 50, respectively, of the definitive Proxy Statement, and such description is incorporated herein by reference.
The Acquisition Agreement
After giving effect to the Transactions, there are currently 22,558,492 shares of Atlantics common stock issued and outstanding (without giving effect to the post closing cancellation of 390,000 shares held by an unaffiliated stockholder as described on page 4 of this Report on Form 8-K). Upon the Closing, Atlantics rights and units ceased trading and Atlantics common stock commenced trading on Thursday, August 23, 2018 on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol HFFG.
2
The Acquisition will be treated by Atlantic as a reverse business combination under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with GAAP. For accounting purposes, HF Group is considered to be acquiring Atlantic in this transaction. Therefore, the aggregate consideration paid in connection with the business combination will be allocated to Atlantics tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based on their fair market values. The assets and liabilities and results of operations of Atlantic will be consolidated into the results of operations of HF Group as of the completion of the business combination.
In connection with the Acquisition:
 HF Group, Zhou Min Ni, as representative of the stockholders of HF Group, and Loeb & Loeb LLP, as escrow agent, entered into an Escrow Agreement at Closing, pursuant to which Atlantic deposited shares of Atlantic common stock, representing 15% of the aggregate amount of shares (2,995,475 shares) to be issued to the stockholders of HF Group pursuant to the Acquisition, to secure the indemnification obligations of the stockholders of HF Group as contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

HF Group, Zhou Min Ni, as representative of the stockholders of HF Group, and Loeb & Loeb LLP, as escrow agent, entered into an Escrow Agreement at Closing, pursuant to which Atlantic deposited shares of Atlantic common stock, representing 15% of the aggregate amount of shares (2,995,475 shares) to be issued to the stockholders of HF Group pursuant to the Acquisition, to secure the indemnification obligations of the stockholders of HF Group as contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
 Atlantic and each of the HF Group shareholders entered into a Lock-Up Agreement at Closing, pursuant to which the stockholders of HF Group agreed, for a period of 365 days from the Closing, not to offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of common stock (including any securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, or representing the rights to receive, shares of common stock), enter into a transaction that would have the same effect, or enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of such shares, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement, or engage in any short sales with respect to any security of Atlantic.

Atlantic and each of the HF Group shareholders entered into a Lock-Up Agreement at Closing, pursuant to which the stockholders of HF Group agreed, for a period of 365 days from the Closing, not to offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of common stock (including any securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, or representing the rights to receive, shares of common stock), enter into a transaction that would have the same effect, or enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of such shares, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement, or engage in any short sales with respect to any security of Atlantic.
 In connection with the Acquisition, Atlantic and the HF Group stockholders entered into a Registration Rights Agreement to provide for the registration of the common stock being issued to the HF Group stockholders in connection with the Acquisition. The HF Group stockholders will be entitled to piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed following the consummation of the Acquisition. Atlantic will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

In connection with the Acquisition, Atlantic and the HF Group stockholders entered into a Registration Rights Agreement to provide for the registration of the common stock being issued to the HF Group stockholders in connection with the Acquisition. The HF Group stockholders will be entitled to piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed following the consummation of the Acquisition. Atlantic will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
FORM 10 INFORMATION
Pursuant to Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K, if the registrant was a shell company, as Atlantic was immediately before the Transactions, then the registrant must disclose the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a registration statement on Form 10. Therefore, Atlantic is providing below the information that would be included in a Form 10 if it were to file a Form 10. Please note that the information provided below relates to the combined company after Atlantics acquisition of HF Group pursuant to the Transactions, unless otherwise specifically indicated or the context otherwise requires.
Business
The business of HF Group is described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled HF Groups Business beginning on page 70 and that information is incorporated herein by reference.
Risk Factors
The risks associated with HF Groups business are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 15 and are incorporated herein by reference.
3
Financial Information
Reference is made to the disclosure set forth in Section 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K concerning the financial information of HF Group. Reference is further made to the disclosure contained in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of HF Group beginning on page 82, which is incorporated herein by reference, and the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and the unaudited financial statements for the three months period ending March 31, 2018 included in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. The unaudited financial statements of HF Group for the period ending June 30, 2018, together with pro forma financial information, are included with this Report on Form 8-K as exhibits.. Further reference is made to the section entitled Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of HF Group Holding Corporation as set forth below in Item 2.02, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of HF Group Holding Corporation
Employees
The employees of HF Group are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled HF Groups BusinessEmployees on page 64 and that information is incorporated herein by reference.
Properties
The facilities of HF Group are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled HF Groups Business  Properties beginning on page 79 and that information is incorporated herein by reference.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
The following tables set forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of Atlantics common stock as of August 22, 2018 following completion of the Acquisition:
 each person known to Atlantic who will be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of its stock immediately after the Business Combination;  each of its officers and directors; and  all of its officers and directors as a group.

each person known to Atlantic who will be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of its stock immediately after the Business Combination;
 each of its officers and directors; and

each of its officers and directors; and
 all of its officers and directors as a group.

all of its officers and directors as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated, Atlantic believes that all persons named in the table will have, immediately after the consummation of the Acquisition, sole voting and investment power with respect to all Atlantic securities beneficially owned by them.
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, Atlantic believes, based on the information furnished to it, that the persons and entities named in the table below will have, immediately after the consummation of the Transactions, sole voting and investment power with respect to all stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. All Atlantic stock subject to options or warrants exercisable within 60 days of the consummation of the Acquisition are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the persons holding those options or warrants for the purpose of computing the number of shares beneficially owned and the percentage ownership of that person. They are not, however, deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.
As of July 16, 2018, the record date for the meeting of Atlantic stockholders, there were 5,872,497 shares of Atlantic common stock issued and outstanding. In connection with the vote of stockholders, holders of 3,761,467 shares redeemed their shares of common stock. Immediately prior to the meeting of stockholders, as previously reported on the Report on Form 8-K filed by Atlantic with the SEC on August 8, 2018, Atlantic entered into an agreement with Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund (Polar) pursuant to which Polar agreed to sell 400,000 shares of Atlantics common stock to Atlantic ten (10) days after the Closing of Atlantics business combination with HF Group Holding Corporation. Atlantic will pay $4,120,000 for such shares and will issue Polar 10,000 new restricted shares of Atlantics common stock.
Subject to the paragraphs above, percentage ownership of outstanding shares is based on 22,080,863 shares of Atlantic common stock to be outstanding upon consummation of the Acquisition, including 3,761,467 shares of common stock which were redeemed as part of the Acquisition and without giving effect to the termination of 400,000 shares held by Polar and the issuance of 10,000 shares of common stock of Atlantic which Atlantic agreed to issue in the agreement with Polar dated August 8, 2018.
4
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Zhou Min Ni(2) 6,689,896 30% Chan Sin Wong (2) 0 0 Jian Ming Ni 199,698 * Ren Hua Zheng 33,031 * Hong Wang 0 0 Zhehui Ni 0 0 All directors and executive officers as a group (6 individuals) 6,922,625 30% Five Percent Holders: Irrevocable Trust for Raymond Ni(3) 5,591,553 25% Irrevocable Trust for Amanda Ni(3) 798,793 3.6% Irrevocable Trust for Ivy Ni(3) 798,793 3.6% Irrevocable Trust for Tina Ni(3) 798,793 3.6% HT Group Holding, L.L.C. (5) 1,897,134 8.6% Wah Lam(6) 1,397,888 6%
Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership
Nature of
Beneficial
Ownership
Percent of Class
Zhou Min Ni(2) 6,689,896 30%
6,689,896
30
%
Chan Sin Wong (2) 0 0
0
0
Jian Ming Ni 199,698 *
199,698
*
Ren Hua Zheng 33,031 *
33,031
*
Hong Wang 0 0
0
0
Zhehui Ni 0 0
0
0
All directors and executive officers as a group (6 individuals) 6,922,625 30%
6,922,625
30
%
Five Percent Holders:
Irrevocable Trust for Raymond Ni(3) 5,591,553 25%
5,591,553
25
%
Irrevocable Trust for Amanda Ni(3) 798,793 3.6%
798,793
3.6
%
Irrevocable Trust for Ivy Ni(3) 798,793 3.6%
798,793
3.6
%
Irrevocable Trust for Tina Ni(3) 798,793 3.6%
798,793
3.6
%
HT Group Holding, L.L.C. (5) 1,897,134 8.6%
1,897,134
8.6
%
Wah Lam(6) 1,397,888 6%
1,397,888
6
%
*Less than one percent. Percentages are rounded.
(1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o HF Foods Group Inc. (formerly Atlantic Acquisition Corp.), 6001 West Market Street, Greensboro, North Carolina 27409.
(2) Consists of shares beneficially owned by Zhou Min Ni, the spouse of Chan Sing Wong.
(3) Jian Ming Ni has voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by the Irrevocable Trust for Raymond Ni, Irrevocable Trust for Amanda Ni, Irrevocable Trust for Ivy Ni and Irrevocable Trust for Tina Ni. The business address for the four (4) trusts is 810 Northern Shore Point, Greensboro, North Carolina. Mr., Jian Ming Ni has no pecuniary interests in the shares owned by the trust or any proceeds thereof.
(4) Xiao Yong Zhang has voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by HT Group Holding, L.L.C. Its business address is 4417 Shenandoah St., Dallas, Texas. Wah Lam is the sister-in-law of Zhou Min Ni.
(5) The business address of Wah Lam is 601 SW 33nd Ave, Ocala, Florida.
Directors and Executive Officers
The directors and executive officers of Atlantic upon the Closing are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Directors, Executive Officers, Executive Compensation And Corporate Governance - Directors and Executive Officers after the Business Combination beginning on page 82 and that information is incorporated herein by reference.
Executive Compensation
The executive compensation of Atlantics and HF Groups executive officers and directors is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Directors, Executive Officers, Executive Compensation And Corporate Governance  Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers beginning on page 105 and that information is incorporated herein by reference.
5
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The certain relationships and related party transactions of HF Group are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Certain Transactions beginning on page 115 and are incorporated herein by reference.
Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings
Reference is made to the disclosure regarding legal proceedings in the sections of the Proxy Statement entitled HF Groups BusinessGovernment Regulation and HF Groups BusinessLegal Proceedings beginning on page 79 and 81, respectively, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters
Until completion of the closing, Atlantics common stock traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ATAC. Effective Thursday, August 23, 2018, Atlantic expects the trading symbol to change to HFFG to reflect the name change to HF Food Group Inc.
Atlantic has not paid any cash dividends on its ordinary shares to date. It is the present intention of Atlantics board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in Atlantics business operations and, accordingly, Atlantics board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends is within the discretion of Atlantics board of directors and will be contingent upon Atlantics future revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition.
Information respecting Atlantics common stock, rights and units and related stockholder matters are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Price Range of Securities and Dividends on page 14 and such information is incorporated herein by reference.
Description of Registrants Securities
The description of Atlantics securities is contained in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Description of Atlantics Securities beginning at page 121 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Effective with the Closing, the rights and units of Atlantic ceased trading. Commencing on Thursday, August 23, 2018, the only securities of Atlantic which will be traded are the shares of Atlantic common stock.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
Reference is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 3.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K concerning the issuance of Atlantics common stock to the HF Group stockholders in the Transactions, which is incorporated herein by reference.
