Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The disclosure set forth in this Current Report on Form 8-K under Introductory Note is incorporated in this Item 2.01 by reference. The material provisions of the Merger Agreement are described in the proxy statement/prospectus on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2018 and subsequently amended by Amendments No. 1, 2 and 3 thereto, dated May 9, 2018, May 31, 2018, and June 15, 2018, respectively (as amended, the Prospectus), in the section entitled Proposal No. 1The Merger ProposalThe Merger Agreement beginning on page 68, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Prospectus
Proposal No. 1The Merger ProposalThe Merger Agreement
The Merger was approved by FinTechs stockholders at the Special Meeting of FinTech Stockholders held on July 20, 2018 (the Special Meeting). At the Special Meeting, 20,193,022 shares of FinTech common stock were voted in favor of the proposal to approve the Merger and 13,521 shares of FinTech common stock voted against that proposal. In connection with the Closing, FinTech redeemed a total of 4,938,232 shares of its common stock at a redemption price of $10.086957 per share pursuant to the terms of the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation, resulting in a total payment to redeeming stockholders of approximately $49,811,733.84. The aggregate consideration paid in the Merger consisted of (i) $102.0 million in cash and (ii) 17.2 million shares of FinTech common stock.
In connection with the Closing, FinTech redeemed a total of 4,938,232 shares of its common stock at a redemption price of $10.086957 per share pursuant to the terms of the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation, resulting in a total payment to redeeming stockholders of approximately $49,811,733.84.
The aggregate consideration paid in the Merger consisted of (i) $102.0 million in cash and (ii) 17.2 million shares of FinTech common stock.
Immediately following the Merger, there were 36,182,783 shares of the Companys common stock outstanding, warrants to purchase 8,959,999 shares of the Companys common stock and no options to purchase shares of the Companys common stock. As of the Closing Date, the former stockholders of Intermex owned approximately 48.3% of the Companys outstanding common stock and the former stockholders of FinTech owned approximately 51.7% of the Companys outstanding common stock (20.4% held by FinTechs initial stockholders).
FORM 10 INFORMATION
Prior to the Closing, FinTech was a shell company with no operations, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. After the Closing, the Company became a holding company whose assets primarily consist of interests in its wholly owned subsidiary, International Money Express Sub 2, LLC. Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K states that if the registrant was a shell company, then the registrant must disclose the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10. Accordingly, the Company is providing below the information that would be included in a Form 10 if it were to file a Form 10. The following information is provided about the business of the Company reflecting the consummation of the Merger, unless otherwise specifically indicated or the context otherwise requires.
The following information is provided about the business of the Company reflecting the consummation of the Merger
3
Forward-Looking Statements
Statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K reflect the Companys current views with respect to future events and financial performance, business strategies, expectations for our business, operating of the Companys business following completion of the Merger and any other statements of a future or forward-looking nature, constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Companys or managements expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would, will, approximately, shall and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K may include, for example, statements about the benefits of the Merger and the future financial performance of the combined company following the Merger.
The forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K are based on the Companys current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on the Company. There is no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company has anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the Companys control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the Companys assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to:
 the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company in connection with the Merger and related transactions;  the ability to obtain or maintain the listing of the Companys common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market (Nasdaq) following the Merger;  the risk that the Merger disrupts the Companys current operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the transactions described herein;  the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Merger, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, and the ability of the combined business to grow and manage growth profitably;  costs related to the Merger;  changes in applicable laws or regulations;  the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors;  factors relating to the business, operations and financial performance of the Company, including:

the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company in connection with the Merger and related transactions;
 the ability to obtain or maintain the listing of the Companys common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market (Nasdaq) following the Merger;

the ability to obtain or maintain the listing of the Companys common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market (Nasdaq) following the Merger;
 the risk that the Merger disrupts the Companys current operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the transactions described herein;

the risk that the Merger disrupts the Companys current operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the transactions described herein;
 the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Merger, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, and the ability of the combined business to grow and manage growth profitably;

the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Merger, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, and the ability of the combined business to grow and manage growth profitably;
 costs related to the Merger;

costs related to the Merger;
 changes in applicable laws or regulations;

changes in applicable laws or regulations;
 the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors;

the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors;
 factors relating to the business, operations and financial performance of the Company, including:

factors relating to the business, operations and financial performance of the Company, including:
o competition in the markets in which the Company operates; o the Companys ability to maintain agent relationships on terms consistent with those currently in place; o the Companys ability to maintain banking relationships necessary to conduct its business;
o
competition in the markets in which the Company operates;
o the Companys ability to maintain agent relationships on terms consistent with those currently in place;
o
the Companys ability to maintain agent relationships on terms consistent with those currently in place;
o the Companys ability to maintain banking relationships necessary to conduct its business;
o
the Companys ability to maintain banking relationships necessary to conduct its business;
4
o credit risks from the Companys agents and the financial institutions with which Intermex does business; o bank failures, sustained financial market illiquidity, or illiquidity at the Companys clearing, cash management or custodial financial institutions; o new technology or competitors that disrupt the current ecosystem; o disruptions to the Companys information technology, computer network systems and data centers; o the Companys success in developing and introducing new products, services and infrastructure; o customer confidence in the Companys brand and in consumer money transfers generally; o the Companys ability to maintain compliance with the regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which it operates or plans to operate; o international political factors or implementation of tariffs, border taxes or restrictions on remittances or transfers of money out of the United States; o changes in tax laws and unfavorable outcomes of tax positions the Company takes; o political instability, currency restrictions and devaluation in countries in which the Company operates or plans to operate; o weakness in U.S. or international economic conditions; o change or disruption in international migration patterns; o the Companys ability to protect its brand and intellectual property rights; o the Companys ability to retain key personnel; and
o
credit risks from the Companys agents and the financial institutions with which Intermex does business;
o bank failures, sustained financial market illiquidity, or illiquidity at the Companys clearing, cash management or custodial financial institutions;
o
bank failures, sustained financial market illiquidity, or illiquidity at the Companys clearing, cash management or custodial financial institutions;
o new technology or competitors that disrupt the current ecosystem;
o
new technology or competitors that disrupt the current ecosystem;
o disruptions to the Companys information technology, computer network systems and data centers;
o
disruptions to the Companys information technology, computer network systems and data centers;
o the Companys success in developing and introducing new products, services and infrastructure;
o
the Companys success in developing and introducing new products, services and infrastructure;
o customer confidence in the Companys brand and in consumer money transfers generally;
o
customer confidence in the Companys brand and in consumer money transfers generally;
o the Companys ability to maintain compliance with the regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which it operates or plans to operate;
o
the Companys ability to maintain compliance with the regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which it operates or plans to operate;
o international political factors or implementation of tariffs, border taxes or restrictions on remittances or transfers of money out of the United States;
o
international political factors or implementation of tariffs, border taxes or restrictions on remittances or transfers of money out of the United States;
o changes in tax laws and unfavorable outcomes of tax positions the Company takes;
o
changes in tax laws and unfavorable outcomes of tax positions the Company takes;
o political instability, currency restrictions and devaluation in countries in which the Company operates or plans to operate;
o
political instability, currency restrictions and devaluation in countries in which the Company operates or plans to operate;
o weakness in U.S. or international economic conditions;
o
weakness in U.S. or international economic conditions;
o change or disruption in international migration patterns;
o
change or disruption in international migration patterns;
o the Companys ability to protect its brand and intellectual property rights;
o
the Companys ability to protect its brand and intellectual property rights;
o the Companys ability to retain key personnel; and
o
the Companys ability to retain key personnel; and
 other economic, business and/or competitive factors, risks and uncertainties, including those described in the section of the Prospectus entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 30.

other economic, business and/or competitive factors, risks and uncertainties, including those described in the section of the Prospectus entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 30.
The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
Business
The business of FinTech prior to the Merger is described in the section of the Prospectus entitled Information About FinTech beginning on page 126, which is incorporated by reference herein. The business of Intermex prior to the Merger is described in the section of the Prospectus entitled Information About Intermex beginning on page 138, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Information About FinTech
beginning on page 126, which is incorporated by reference herein. The business of Intermex prior to the Merger is described in the section of the Prospectus entitled
Information About Intermex
beginning on page 138, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Risk Factors
The risk factors related to the Companys business and operations, indebtedness and risks relating to FinTech and the Merger are described in the section of the Prospectus entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 30, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Risk Factors
beginning on page 30, which is incorporated by reference herein.
5
Selected Historical Financial Information
Selected historical financial information for Intermex for (1) the three months ended March 31, 2018, (2) the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and (3) the periods from January 1, 2017 through January 31, 2017, February 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017 and February 1, 2017 through March 31, 2017 are set forth in the section of the Prospectus entitled Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information of Intermex beginning on page 20, which is incorporated by reference herein.
in the section of the Prospectus entitled
Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information of Intermex
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The section of the Prospectus entitled Intermexs Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 154 is incorporated by reference herein.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosure about Market Risk
Disclosure about Market Risk
The section of the Prospectus entitled Intermexs Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsQuantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, beginning on page 175 is incorporated by reference herein.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsQuantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,
Pro Forma Financial Information
Unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information for the Company is set forth in the section of the Prospectus entitled Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information beginning on page 56, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information
Properties
The section of the Prospectus entitled Information About IntermexProperties beginning on page 146 is incorporated by reference herein.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
The following table sets forth information known to the Company regarding beneficial ownership of shares of common stock of the Company as of the Closing Date and immediately following the Closing by:
 each person who is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Companys common stock;

each person who is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Companys common stock;
 each of the Companys executive officers and directors; and

each of the Companys executive officers and directors; and
 all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group.

all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group.
Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days.
Beneficial ownership of common stock of the Company is based on 36,182,783 shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding as of the Closing Date of the Merger.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned.
6
Name and Address of Beneficial Owners Number of Shares Percentage Directors and Executive Officers:(1) Robert Lisy(2) 1,861,060 5.1 % Tony Lauro II - - Eduardo Azcarate 241,421 * Jose Perez-Villarreal 246,202 * Randall D. Nilsen 170,922 * William Velez 151,968 * Adam Godfrey(3) - - Kurt Holstein(4) 78,467 * Robert Jahn(5) - - Stephen Paul(6) - - Michael Purcell - - John Rincon(7) 1,285,719 3.6 % Justin Wender(8) - - All directors and executive officers as a group (13 individuals) 4,035,759 11.2 % Five Percent Holders: FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC 3,309,996 (9) 9.1 % Robert Lisy(2) 1,861,060 5.1 % SPC Intermex, LP(10) 12,348,554 34.1 % Parties to Shareholder Agreement(11) 21,431,653 59.2 %
Number of Shares
Percentage
Directors and Executive Officers:(1)
(1)
Robert Lisy(2) 1,861,060 5.1 %
1,861,060
5.1
%
Tony Lauro II - -
-
-
Eduardo Azcarate 241,421 *
241,421
*
Jose Perez-Villarreal 246,202 *
246,202
*
Randall D. Nilsen 170,922 *
170,922
*
William Velez 151,968 *
151,968
*
Adam Godfrey(3) - -
-
-
Kurt Holstein(4) 78,467 *
78,467
*
Robert Jahn(5) - -
-
-
Stephen Paul(6) - -
-
-
Michael Purcell - -
-
-
John Rincon(7) 1,285,719 3.6 %
1,285,719
3.6
%
Justin Wender(8) - -
-
-
All directors and executive officers as a group (13 individuals) 4,035,759 11.2 %
4,035,759
11.2
%
Five Percent Holders:
FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC 3,309,996 (9) 9.1 %
3,309,996
(9)
9.1
%
Robert Lisy(2) 1,861,060 5.1 %
1,861,060
5.1
%
SPC Intermex, LP(10) 12,348,554 34.1 %
12,348,554
34.1
%
Parties to Shareholder Agreement(11) 21,431,653 59.2 %
21,431,653
59.2
%
* Less than 1 percent.
Less than 1 percent.
(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the directors and executive officers is 9480 South Dixie Highway, Miami, Florida 33156.
Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the directors and executive officers is 9480 South Dixie Highway, Miami, Florida 33156.
(2) Includes (i) 438,531 shares held by Hawk Time Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Hawk Time), and (ii) 1,422,529 shares held by the Robert Lisy Family Revocable Trust, Robert W. Lisy, Trustee (the Lisy Trust). Mr. Lisy is the sole manager of Hawk Time and sole trustee of the Lisy Trust.
Includes (i) 438,531 shares held by Hawk Time Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Hawk Time), and (ii) 1,422,529 shares held by the Robert Lisy Family Revocable Trust, Robert W. Lisy, Trustee (the Lisy Trust). Mr. Lisy is the sole manager of Hawk Time and sole trustee of the Lisy Trust.
shares held by Hawk Time Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (
), and (ii) 1,422,529
shares held by the Robert Lisy Family Revocable Trust, Robert W. Lisy, Trustee (the 
Lisy Trust
). Mr. Lisy is the sole manager of Hawk Time and sole trustee of the Lisy Trust.
(3) Excludes 12,348,554 shares held by SPC Intermex, LP, whose general partner is SPC Intermex GP, LLC. Stella Point is the sole manager of SPC Intermex GP, LLC, and Mr. Godfrey is a Managing Partner of Stella Point. Mr. Godfrey serves on the board of directors of the Company as a representative of Stella Point. Mr. Godfrey disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex LP. The address for Mr. Godfrey is c/o Stella Point Capital LLC, 444 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, New York 10022.
Excludes 12,348,554 shares held by SPC Intermex, LP, whose general partner is SPC Intermex GP, LLC. Stella Point is the sole manager of SPC Intermex GP, LLC, and Mr. Godfrey is a Managing Partner of Stella Point. Mr. Godfrey serves on the board of directors of the Company as a representative of Stella Point. Mr. Godfrey disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex LP. The address for Mr. Godfrey is c/o Stella Point Capital LLC, 444 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, New York 10022.
shares held by SPC Intermex, LP, whose general partner is SPC Intermex GP, LLC. Stella Point is the sole manager of SPC Intermex GP, LLC, and Mr. Godfrey is a Managing Partner of Stella Point. Mr. Godfrey serves on the board of directors of the Company as a representative of Stella Point. Mr. Godfrey disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex LP. The address for Mr. Godfrey is c/o Stella Point Capital LLC, 444 Madison Ave., 25
Floor, New York, New York 10022.
(4) Mr. Holstein currently serves on the board of directors of the Company.
Mr. Holstein currently serves on the board of directors of the Company.
(5) Does not include any shares held by SPC Intermex, LP. Mr. Jahn is a Managing Director at Stella Point. Mr. Jahn serves on the board of directors of the Company as a representative of Stella Point. Mr. Jahn also owns a limited partnership interest in SPC Intermex, LP. Mr. Jahn disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex, LP. The address for Mr. Jahn is c/o Stella Point Capital LLC, 444 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, New York 10022.
Does not include any shares held by SPC Intermex, LP. Mr. Jahn is a Managing Director at Stella Point. Mr. Jahn serves on the board of directors of the Company as a representative of Stella Point. Mr. Jahn also owns a limited partnership interest in SPC Intermex, LP. Mr. Jahn disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex, LP. The address for Mr. Jahn is c/o Stella Point Capital LLC, 444 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, New York 10022.
(6) Does not include any shares held by SPC Intermex, LP. The Louis Berkman Investment Company, of which Mr. Paul is President and is a trustee of various trusts which own 28.24% of its non-voting stock, owns a limited partnership interest in SPC Intermex, LP. Mr. Paul currently serves on the board of directors of the Company. Mr. Paul disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex, LP.
Does not include any shares held by SPC Intermex, LP. The Louis Berkman Investment Company, of which Mr. Paul is President and is a trustee of various trusts which own 28.24% of its non-voting stock, owns a limited partnership interest in SPC Intermex, LP. Mr. Paul currently serves on the board of directors of the Company. Mr. Paul disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex, LP.
% of its non-voting stock, owns a limited partnership interest in SPC Intermex, LP. Mr. Paul currently serves on the board of directors of the Company. Mr. Paul disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex, LP.
(7) Includes (i) 1,105,288 shares held by Latin American Investment Holdings and (ii) 180,431 shares held by Rincon Capital Partners, LLC. Mr. Rincon owns 100% of Latin American Investment Holdings and jointly owns Rincon Capital Partners, LLC.
Includes (i) 1,105,288 shares held by Latin American Investment Holdings and (ii) 180,431 shares held by Rincon Capital Partners, LLC. Mr. Rincon owns 100% of Latin American Investment Holdings and jointly owns Rincon Capital Partners, LLC.
shares held by Latin American Investment Holdings and (ii) 180,431 shares held by Rincon Capital Partners, LLC. Mr. Rincon owns 100% of Latin American Investment Holdings and jointly owns Rincon Capital Partners, LLC.
(8) Excludes 12,348,554 shares held by SPC Intermex, LP, whose general partner is SPC Intermex GP. Stella Point is the sole manager of SPC Intermex GP, LLC, and Mr. Wender is a Managing Partner of Stella Point. Mr. Wender serves on the board of directors of the Company as a representative of Stella Point. Mr. Wender disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex LP. The address for Mr. Wender is c/o Stella Point Capital LLC, 444 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, New York 10022.
Excludes 12,348,554 shares held by SPC Intermex, LP, whose general partner is SPC Intermex GP. Stella Point is the sole manager of SPC Intermex GP, LLC, and Mr. Wender is a Managing Partner of Stella Point. Mr. Wender serves on the board of directors of the Company as a representative of Stella Point. Mr. Wender disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex LP. The address for Mr. Wender is c/o Stella Point Capital LLC, 444 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, New York 10022.
12,348,554
shares held by SPC Intermex, LP, whose general partner is SPC Intermex GP. Stella Point is the sole manager of SPC Intermex GP, LLC, and Mr. Wender is a Managing Partner of Stella Point. Mr. Wender serves on the board of directors of the Company as a representative of Stella Point. Mr. Wender disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex LP. The address for Mr. Wender is c/o Stella Point Capital LLC, 444 Madison Ave., 25
Floor, New York, New York 10022.
(9) Includes 3,127,496 shares and warrants to purchase 182,500 shares that are exercisable within 30 days. The address for FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC is 3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10019.
Includes 3,127,496 shares and warrants to purchase 182,500 shares that are exercisable within 30 days. The address for FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC is 3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10019.
3,127,496
shares and warrants to purchase
182,500
shares that are exercisable within 30 days. The address for FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC is 3 Columbus Circle, 24
Floor, New York, NY 10019.
7
(10) Includes 12,348,554 shares held by SPC Intermex, LP, and excludes shares of common stock held by other parties to the Shareholders Agreement with which SPC Intermex LP and associated entities may be deemed to share beneficial ownership by virtue of voting provisions of such agreement. See the section of the Prospectus entitled Proposal No. 1The Merger ProposalThe Merger AgreementAdditional AgreementsShareholders Agreement for additional information. The general partner of SPC Intermex, LP is SPC Intermex GP, LLC and Stella Point is the sole manager of SPC Intermex GP, LLC. Messrs. Godfrey and Wender are the Managing Partners of and jointly control Stella Point. Messrs. Godfrey and Wender disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex LP. The address for SPC Intermex LP is c/o Stella Point Capital LLC, 444 Madison Ave., 25thFloor, New York, New York 10022.
Includes 12,348,554 shares held by SPC Intermex, LP, and excludes shares of common stock held by other parties to the Shareholders Agreement with which SPC Intermex LP and associated entities may be deemed to share beneficial ownership by virtue of voting provisions of such agreement. See the section of the Prospectus entitled Proposal No. 1The Merger ProposalThe Merger AgreementAdditional AgreementsShareholders Agreement for additional information. The general partner of SPC Intermex, LP is SPC Intermex GP, LLC and Stella Point is the sole manager of SPC Intermex GP, LLC. Messrs. Godfrey and Wender are the Managing Partners of and jointly control Stella Point. Messrs. Godfrey and Wender disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex LP. The address for SPC Intermex LP is c/o Stella Point Capital LLC, 444 Madison Ave., 25thFloor, New York, New York 10022.
12,348,554
shares held by SPC Intermex, LP, and excludes shares of common stock held by other parties to the Shareholders Agreement with which SPC Intermex LP and associated entities may be deemed to share beneficial ownership by virtue of voting provisions of such agreement. See the section of the Prospectus entitled
Proposal No. 1The Merger ProposalThe Merger AgreementAdditional AgreementsShareholders Agreement
for additional information. The general partner of SPC Intermex, LP is SPC Intermex GP, LLC and Stella Point is the sole manager of SPC Intermex GP, LLC. Messrs. Godfrey and Wender are the Managing Partners of and jointly control Stella Point. Messrs. Godfrey and Wender disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by SPC Intermex LP. The address for SPC Intermex LP is c/o Stella Point Capital LLC, 444 Madison Ave., 25
Floor, New York, New York 10022.
(11) Includes shares held by each of the parties to the Shareholders Agreement. Includes warrants to purchase 182,500 shares that are exercisable within 30 days following the closing of the Merger. The parties to the Shareholders Agreement are: International Money Express Inc., SPC Intermex Representative LLC, SPC Intermex, LP, C.A.R. Holdings, Robert Lisy, Hawk Time Enterprises LLC, Robert Lisy Family Revocable Trust, Robert W. Lisy, Trustee, Darrell Ebbert, Jose Perez-Villarreal, Eduardo Azcarate, William Velez, Randy Nilsen, DGC Family FinTech Trust, Daniel Cohen, Betsy Cohen, Swarthmore Trust of 2016, James J. McEntee, III, Hepco Family Trust, Jeremy Kuiper, Shami Patel, Plamen Mitrikov, FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC (Sponsor), Cohen Sponsor Interests II, LLC, Cohen and Company LLC and Solomon Cohen.
Includes shares held by each of the parties to the Shareholders Agreement. Includes warrants to purchase 182,500 shares that are exercisable within 30 days following the closing of the Merger. The parties to the Shareholders Agreement are: International Money Express Inc., SPC Intermex Representative LLC, SPC Intermex, LP, C.A.R. Holdings, Robert Lisy, Hawk Time Enterprises LLC, Robert Lisy Family Revocable Trust, Robert W. Lisy, Trustee, Darrell Ebbert, Jose Perez-Villarreal, Eduardo Azcarate, William Velez, Randy Nilsen, DGC Family FinTech Trust, Daniel Cohen, Betsy Cohen, Swarthmore Trust of 2016, James J. McEntee, III, Hepco Family Trust, Jeremy Kuiper, Shami Patel, Plamen Mitrikov, FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC (Sponsor), Cohen Sponsor Interests II, LLC, Cohen and Company LLC and Solomon Cohen.
shares that are exercisable within 30 days following the closing of the Merger. The parties to the Shareholders Agreement are: International Money Express Inc., SPC Intermex Representative LLC, SPC Intermex, LP, C.A.R. Holdings, Robert Lisy, Hawk Time Enterprises LLC, Robert Lisy Family Revocable Trust, Robert W. Lisy, Trustee, Darrell Ebbert, Jose Perez-Villarreal, Eduardo Azcarate, William Velez, Randy Nilsen, DGC Family FinTech Trust, Daniel Cohen, Betsy Cohen, Swarthmore Trust of 2016, James J. McEntee, III, Hepco Family Trust, Jeremy Kuiper, Shami Patel, Plamen Mitrikov, FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC (Sponsor), Cohen Sponsor Interests II, LLC, Cohen and Company LLC and Solomon Cohen.
Directors and Executive Officers
Information with respect to the Companys directors and executive officers immediately after and in connection with the consummation of the Merger is set forth in the sections of the Prospectus entitled Management Following the MergerInformation about Directors Expected to be Appointed to the Board Upon the Closing of the Merger, and Executive Officers and Board of Directors beginning on page 177, and Committees of the Board of Directors beginning on page 180, which are incorporated by reference herein.
Executive Officers and Board of Directors
Committees of the Board of Directors
Executive Compensation
The section of the Prospectus entitled Management Following the MergerOfficer and Director Compensation Following the Merger beginning on page 184 is incorporated by reference herein. The compensation of the named executive officers of Intermex before the Merger is set forth in the section of the Prospectus entitled Information about IntermexExecutive Compensation beginning on page 148, and is incorporated by reference herein. The compensation of the named executive officers of FinTech before the Merger is set forth in the section of the Prospectus entitled Information about FinTechExecutive Compensation beginning on page 132, and is incorporated by reference herein.
Management Following the MergerOfficer and Director Compensation Following the Merger
beginning on page 184 is incorporated by reference herein. The compensation of the named executive officers of Intermex before the Merger is set forth in the section of the Prospectus entitled 
Information about IntermexExecutive Compensation
 beginning on page 148, and is incorporated by reference herein. The compensation of the named executive officers of FinTech before the Merger is set forth in the section of the Prospectus entitled 
Information about FinTechExecutive Compensation
 beginning on page 132, and is incorporated by reference herein.
The information set forth in this Current Report on Form 8-K under Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers is incorporated in this Item 2.01 by reference.
Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
is incorporated in this Item 2.01 by reference.
At the Special Meeting, FinTechs stockholders approved International Money Express, Inc.s 2018 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan). A description of the material terms of the Plan is set forth in the section of the Prospectus entitled Proposal No. 8The Incentive Plan ProposalSummary of Material Terms of the Omnibus Plan beginning on page 113 and is incorporated by reference herein.
). A description of the material terms of the Plan is set forth in the section of the Prospectus entitled
Proposal No. 8The Incentive Plan ProposalSummary of Material Terms of the Omnibus Plan
beginning on page 113 and is incorporated by reference herein.
The foregoing description of the Plan is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual terms of such document. A copy of the Plan is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto, and is incorporated by reference herein.
Director Compensation
We expect that the non-employee directors of the Company will receive an annual retainer of $40,000 paid in cash and $70,000 paid in equity-based awards in connection with their services on the board. Prior to the Merger, for the year ended December 31, 2017, directors of FinTech and Intermex did not receive compensation for their service on the respective boards.
8
Compensation Committee Interlocks
The section of the Prospectus entitled Management Following the MergerCommittees of the Board of DirectorsCompensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation beginning on page 182 is incorporated by reference herein.
Management Following the MergerCommittees of the Board of Directors
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
is incorporated by reference herein.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The sections of the Prospectus entitled Certain Relationships and Related Transactions beginning on page 195 and Management Following the MergerDirector Independence beginning on page 179 are incorporated by reference herein.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

Management Following the MergerDirector Independence
incorporated by reference herein.
The information set forth in this Current Report on Form 8-K under Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive AgreementRegistration Rights Agreement and Shareholders Agreement is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.
Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive AgreementRegistration Rights Agreement
and


Shareholders Agreement
is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.
The Companys policy regarding related party transactions requires that management bring to the Audit Committee for its review each proposed related person transaction (defined as any transaction in which the Company is a participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest). Any related party transaction must be approved or ratified by either (1) the Audit Committee or (2) the affirmative vote of a majority of directors who do not have a direct or indirect material interest in such related party transaction.
Legal Proceedings
The sections of the Prospectus entitled Information about FinTechLegal Proceedings beginning on page 134 and Information about IntermexLegal Proceedings beginning on page 147 are incorporated by reference herein.
Information about FinTechLegal Proceedings

Information about IntermexLegal Proceedings

incorporated by reference herein.
Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters
Information about the market price, number of stockholders and dividends for the Companys securities is set forth in the section of the Prospectus entitled Price Range of Securities and Dividends beginning on page 198, which is incorporated by reference herein. As of the Closing Date, there were 63 holders of record of the Companys common stock and one holder of record of the Companys warrants.
Price Range of Securities and Dividends
Following the Merger, the Companys common stock and warrants began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols IMXI and IMXIW, respectively, subject to ongoing review of the Companys satisfaction of all listing criteria following the Merger.
On July 26, 2018, in connection with the Closing, all of the units of the Company separated into their component parts of one share of common stock and one half of one warrant to purchase one share of common stock of the Company, and the units ceased trading on Nasdaq.
Securities Available Under Outstanding Equity Plans
There are 3,371,389 shares authorized for issuance under the Plan, which includes 2,763,219 shares underlying stock option grants and 21,189 shares in respect of restricted stock unit grants, which are being granted in connection with the Closing.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
None.
9
Description of the Companys Securities to be Registered
Companys Securities to be Registered
The section of the Prospectus entitled Description of Securities beginning on page 186 is incorporated herein by reference. The Company has authorized 205,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share. As of the Closing Date, there were 36,182,783 shares of the Companys common stock issued and outstanding and warrants to purchase 8,959,999 shares of the Companys common stock outstanding.
Description of Securities
incorporated herein by reference.
The Company has authorized 205,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share. As of the Closing Date, there were 36,182,783 shares of the Companys common stock issued and outstanding and warrants to purchase 8,959,999 shares of the Companys common stock outstanding.
shares of the Companys common stock issued and outstanding and warrants to purchase 8,959,999 shares of the Companys common stock outstanding.
Indemnification of Directors and Officers
Indemnification of Directors and Officers
Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) authorizes a court to award, or a corporations board of directors to grant, indemnity to directors and officers in terms sufficiently broad to permit such indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act. Our Restated Certificate (as defined below) provides that our directors shall not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws (as defined below) provide for indemnification of our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. The right to indemnification conferred by our Amended and Restated Bylaws also includes the right to be paid the expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by a present or former director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative action, suit, or proceeding in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that if the Delaware law requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under our Amended and Restated Bylaws, or otherwise.
DGCL
) authorizes a court to award, or a corporations board of directors to grant, indemnity to directors and officers in terms sufficiently broad to permit such indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act.
Our Restated Certificate (as defined below) provides that our directors shall not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws (as defined below) provide for indemnification of our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
The right to indemnification conferred by our Amended and Restated Bylaws also includes the right to be paid the expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by a present or former director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative action, suit, or proceeding in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that if the Delaware law requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under our Amended and Restated Bylaws, or otherwise.
In addition, the Company entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and certain of its officers. These agreements require us to indemnify such persons to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to the registrant, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any action, suit, or proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.
The Company has in effect insurance policies for general officers' and directors' liability insurance covering all of its officers and directors.
The Company has in effect insurance policies for general officers' and directors' liability insurance covering all of its officers and directors.
The foregoing description of the indemnification agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual terms of the document. The form of indemnification agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto, and is incorporated by reference herein.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The consolidated financial statements of Intermex Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries included in the Prospectus beginning on page F-35 are incorporated by reference herein. The section of the Prospectus entitled Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information of Intermex beginning on page 20 is incorporated herein by reference.
Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information of Intermex
 beginning on page 20 is incorporated herein by reference.
