Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
The Offer and withdrawal rights expired as scheduled at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, at the end of August 13, 2018 (such date and time, the Expiration Time). American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the depositary for the Offer, advised Merger Sub that, as of the Expiration Time, a total of approximately 9,285,239 Shares, representing approximately 82% of the Companys currently outstanding Shares, were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Offer, including 144,141 Shares tendered pursuant to guaranteed delivery procedures. As of the Expiration Time, the number of Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer satisfied the Minimum Condition (as defined in the Offer), and all other conditions to the Offer were satisfied. Immediately after the Expiration Time, Merger Sub irrevocably accepted for payment, and will promptly pay for, all Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Time.
On August 14, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL), Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the Company being the surviving corporation (the Merger). Upon completion of the Merger, the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Catalent.
Merger
At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), as a result of the Merger, and pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive the Offer Price, in cash, without interest thereon and subject to any required tax withholding, other than other than (i) Shares held in the treasury of the Company, (ii) Shares held by Catalent, Merger Sub, or any other direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Catalent or Merger Sub, and (iii) Shares held by stockholders who have properly exercised their demands for appraisal of such Shares in accordance with the DGCL and have neither withdrawn nor lost such rights prior to the Effective Time.
The effect of the Merger on Company stock options and other equity-based awards is described on page 5 of the Companys Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed with the SEC on July 17, 2018, as amended on July 31, 2018 and August 14, 2018, which description is incorporated herein by reference.
Upon the closing of the Merger, Catalent paid an aggregate consideration of approximately $130 million for the Shares, not including related transaction fees and expenses. Catalent funded these payments with available cash on hand.
The foregoing summary description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Merger Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
