Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On August 31, 2018, affiliates of Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company) and MPT Operating Partnership, L.P. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Operating Partnership) completed the previously announced transaction in which Primotop Holdings S.a r.l. (Primotop), a company managed by an entity of the Primonial group, acquired a 50% interest by way of a joint venture in the real estate of 71 post-acute hospitals in Germany (the Portfolio) with an aggregate agreed valuation of approximately 1.635 billion.
Primotop subscribed for 50% of the outstanding interests in MPT RHM Holdco S.a r.l. (the Joint Venture), a subsidiary of the Company and the indirect owner of the Portfolio, in exchange for a cash amount equal to 50% of the estimated net asset value of the Portfolio at the closing of the transaction (the Closing), subject to certain adjustments set forth in a subscription agreement that was entered into among the Company and Primotop on June 7, 2018. The Company retained the remaining 50% interest in the Joint Venture. Immediately following the Closing, the Joint Venture made cash distributions to the Company in an aggregate amount of approximately 1.14 billion from the proceeds of the cash contributions and certain debt financings. The Company expects to use such proceeds to repay balances under its revolving credit facility, make investments in additional U.S. and European healthcare assets and for general corporate purposes.
In anticipation of Closing, the Joint Venture entered into a 655 million secured financing arrangement on the Portfolio with a consortium of lenders, including Societe Generale S.A. Frankfurt Branch as Mandated Lead Arranger and affiliates of AXA. Provisions of the debt include a seven year term and a swapped fixed rate of approximately 2.3%.
Affiliates of the Company will continue to manage the Portfolio pursuant to a management agreement entered into upon Closing.
