ITEM 2.01 COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS
On December 11, 2017, NAMI entered into a Letter of Intent with GMCI Corp., a Nevada corporation (GMCI) for the acquisition by NAMI of up to one hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock of GMCI in exchange for shares of capital stock of NAMI (the Acquisition). The completion of the Acquisition is subject to various conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, negotiating and executing a form of Share Exchange Agreement that is acceptable to both parties, approval of the financial statements of both parties, valuation of GMCI's stock and NAMI's stock and receiving approval of at least seventy percent (70%) of the issued and outstanding shares of GMCI. Moreover, NAMI will need to prepare a registration statement and file it with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission under which the shares of NAMI to be exchanged for shares of GMCI will be registered.
We terminated the Letter of Intent with GMCI effective on July 4, 2018, because we entered into a share exchange agreement with GMCI, the sole shareholder of SBS to acquire GMCIs ownership in SBS on July 4, 2018. As a result of the acquisition, SBS has become our wholly owned subsidiary and GMCI became our shareholder after the share exchange transaction.
On July 12, 2018 (the Closing or Closing Date), we completed the SBS Acquisition pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement. Based on the negotiations between the parties, both parties agreed that after the transaction, our former shareholders shall own 49.49% while GMCI shall own 50.51% of the capital stock of the Company. Therefore, pursuant to protracted negotiations, we agreed to issue a total of 720,802,346 shares of our common stock to GMCI for 100% of the shares of SBS. Our board of directors approved the Share Exchange Agreement on the Closing Date. The SBS Acquisition was accounted for a recapitalization effected by a share exchange, wherein SBS is considered the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes. The assets and liabilities of the acquired entity (NAMI Corp) have been brought forward at their book value and no goodwill has been recognized. As a result of the SBS Acquisition, our consolidated subsidiaries include SBS, our wholly-owned subsidiary which is incorporated under the laws of Malaysia.
We have included the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10, including a complete description of the business and operations of GMCI and its operating subsidiary SBS in Item 5.06 below, which is incorporated herein by reference.
4
4
