Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On September 17, 2018, the Company completed the acquisition of certain oil and gas properties and interests from affiliates of Pivotal Petroleum Partners LP and Pivotal Petroleum Partners II LP,, namely Pivotal Williston Basin, LP and Pivotal Williston Basin II, LP (together, the Pivotal Entities), effective as of June 1, 2018 (the Pivotal Acquisitions). The acquired assets primarily consist of a package of producing wells, with the Company acquiring approximately 20.8 net producing wells and 2.2 net wells in process, as well as approximately 444 net acres in North Dakota.
Pivotal Acquisitions
In accordance with their respective purchase and sale agreement (collectively, the Purchase Agreements), Pivotal Williston Basin, LP received $14.6 million and 5,930,100 shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) and Pivotal Williston Basin II, LP received $46.0 million and 19,823,478 shares of Common Stock. In each case, the cash portion of the initial consideration is net of preliminary and customary purchase price adjustments and remains subject to final post-closing settlement between the Company and each Pivotal Entity, which are expected to be finalized during the first quarter of 2019. The Company funded the cash portion of the closing payments with cash on hand.
Common Stock
Each Purchase Agreement provides for a limited lock-up on the shares issued at closing over a 13-month post-closing period, and also provides for potential additional consideration to be paid by the Company during the 13-month post-closing period if its Common Stock trades below certain price targets. Any such additional consideration may be paid, at the Companys election, in either cash or additional shares of Common Stock. The material terms of the Purchase Agreements were previously disclosed in Item 1.01 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2018 (file no. 001-33999), which is incorporated herein by reference.
13-month
Form 8-K
001-33999),
In accordance with the Purchase Agreements, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Pivotal entities, dated September 17, 2018, which obligates the Company to prepare and file a registration statement covering the resale of the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable under the Purchase Agreements and to seek and maintain effectiveness of the same. The Company has agreed, among other things, to indemnify the selling stockholders under the registration statement with respect to certain liabilities and to pay all fees and expenses incident to the Companys obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement. The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified by, the full text of the Registration Rights Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
