Item 2.01. COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS On July 27, 2018, Northwest Pipe Company (the Company) and Ameron International Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Seller) entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase from Seller all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Ameron Water Transmission Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Acquisition). The Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties, covenants and agreements by the parties, including mutual indemnification obligations. The Acquisition was completed on July 27, 2018. The purchase price was approximately $38.3 million, subject to a post-closing adjustment based on changes in net working capital. The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. On July 30, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing the Acquisition. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. Item 9.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS (a) Financial statements of businesses acquired The audited consolidated financial statements required to be filed under Item 9.01(a) of this Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K no later than 71 days after the date on which this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed. (b) Pro forma financial information The pro forma financial information required to be filed under Item 9.01(b) of this Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K no later than 71 days after the date on which this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed. (d) Exhibits
Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of July 27, 2018 by and between Northwest Pipe Company and Ameron International Corporation* 99.1 Press Release issued by Northwest Pipe Company dated July 30, 2018
*Schedules and similar attachments to the Purchase Agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant will furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the Securities and Exchange Commission request.
