Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously reported on the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by One Stop Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 28, 2018, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the Merger Agreement) with Concept Development, Inc., a California corporation (CDI) and CDIs sole shareholder (the Sole Shareholder). A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
On August 31, 2018, the Company consummated the acquisition of all outstanding equity interests of CDI pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, with a newly created California corporation that is wholly-owned by the Company (Merger Sub 1) merging with and into CDI with CDI surviving the first merger (the Surviving Corporation) and, immediately following the effectiveness of said first merger and as part of a single overall transaction, the Surviving Corporation merging with and into a newly created California limited liability company that is wholly-owned by the Company (Merger Sub 2) with Merger Sub 2 surviving the second merger (collectively, the Merger).
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at closing the Company issued 1,266,364 shares of the Companys common stock to the Sole Shareholder (the Shares). The Shares were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), but the Company and Sole Shareholder did enter into that certain Piggyback Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Pursuant to the Piggyback Registration Rights Agreement, the Sole Shareholder has the right to piggyback on to a subsequent registration statement filed by the Company for re-sale of the Shares. The Sole Shareholder does not have demand registration rights.
re-sale
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement, the Piggyback Registration Rights Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the agreements, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.
