2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
THE SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
THE SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Share Exchange Agreement
On June 29, 2018, ORNC, Reliant, and the shareholders of Reliant entered into the Share Exchange Agreement, which closed on June 29, 2018. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, we will issue an aggregated 349,296,000 new shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which 28,000,000 were issued at the closing date of June 29, 2018, and the remaining 321,296,000 shares shall be issued at the completion of the increase of the Companys authorized shares, for all of the outstanding capital stock of Reliant with the result that Reliant became a wholly owned subsidiary of ours.
Pursuant to the Share Exchange, we acquired the business of Reliant, which is to engage in the sell and distribution of wine products in China and Hong Kong. As a result, we have ceased to be a shell company.
At the closing of the Share Exchange, 10,000 shares of Reliant capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Share Exchange were exchanged for 28,000,000 new shares of our Common Stock, and an additional 321,296,000 new shares which will be issued at the completion of the increase of the Companys authorized shares.
The Share Exchange Agreement contained customary representations and warranties and pre- and post-closing covenants of each party and customary closing conditions.
The Share Exchange is intended to be treated as a tax-free reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
The issuance of shares of our Common Stock to holders of Reliants capital stock in connection with the Share Exchange was not registered under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, which exempts transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering, Regulation D promulgated by the SEC under that section and/or Regulation S promulgated by the SEC. These securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirement, and some of these securities are subject to further contractual restrictions on transfer as described below.
The form of the Share Exchange Agreement is filed as an exhibit 2.1 to this Report.
1
1
Pro Forma Ownership
Immediately after giving effect to the Share Exchange, there were 98,191,480 issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock, which will become a total of 419,487,480 after the remaining 321,296,000 shares to be issued at the completion of the increase of the Companys authorized shares, as follows:
The stockholders of Reliant prior to the Share Exchange hold 28,000,000 shares of our Common Stock, and an additional 321,296,000 shares shall be issued at the completion of the increase of the Companys authorized shares, to make the total of 349,296,000 shares; and

The stockholders of Reliant prior to the Share Exchange hold 28,000,000 shares of our Common Stock, and an additional 321,296,000 shares shall be issued at the completion of the increase of the Companys authorized shares, to make the total of 349,296,000 shares; and
The stockholders of the Company prior to the Share Exchange hold the remaining 70,191,480 shares of our Common Stock.

The stockholders of the Company prior to the Share Exchange hold the remaining 70,191,480 shares of our Common Stock.
No other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our Common Stock are outstanding. Our Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB Markets under the symbol ORNC.
Accounting Treatment; Change of Control
The Share Exchange was accounted for under the business combination under common control of accounting. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that will be reflected in the financial statements prior to the Share Exchange will be those of Reliant and ORNC combined and will be recorded at the historical cost basis and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the Share Exchange will include the combined assets and liabilities of Reliant and ORNC from the closing date of the Share Exchange.
As a result of the issuance of the shares of our Common Stock pursuant to the Share Exchange, a change in control of the Company occurred as of the date of consummation of the Share Exchange. Except as described in this Current Report, no arrangements or understandings exist among present or former controlling stockholders with respect to the election of members of our Board of Directors and, to our knowledge, no other arrangements exist that might result in a change of control of the Company.
We continue to be a smaller reporting company, as defined under the Exchange Act, following the Share Exchange.
Following the Share Exchange, the Company will no longer be designated as a shell company.
Form 10 Information
Prior to the Share Exchange, the Company had nominal operations. We were deemed a shell company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and in light of the lack of operations prior to the completion of the Share Exchange.
Immediately following the Share Exchange, the business of Reliant became our business. Reliant is engaged in the business of retail and wholesale of a wide spectrum of wine products in China and Hong Kong.
With the resulting change in our business, we are voluntarily providing the information as is required pursuant to Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K as if we were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10 under the Exchange Act for our Common Stock, which is the only class of our securities subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act upon consummation of the Share Exchange.
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
Prior to the Share Exchange, we were a shell company with no substantive operations. The purpose of the Company was to seek and investigating potential assets, properties or businesses to acquire while complying with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for so long as we are subject to those requirements.
Immediately following the Share Exchange, the businesses of Reliant became our businesses. Reliant is engaged in alcohol wholesale in China through its operating subsidiary, Fenyang Huaxin Wine Industry Development Co., Ltd. (Huaxin).
2
2
Overview
Huaxin is committed to alcohol wholesale business in China. We currently anchor our business in Chinese Fenjiu liquor market and imported wines market. We run a consistently growing alcoholic beverage business guided by a core purpose: to promote premium alcoholic beverages to Chinas population. We aim to achieve this purpose by catering to the ever-evolving preferences of tastes in alcohols through our creative marketing strategies and innovative product designs that target different age groups of Chinas population. Through our commitment to this purpose, we have hired marketing talents who have decades of experience in effective alcohol brand building. As a result, we have managed to create significant sales of Chinese Fenjiu liquors and imported wines in the Chinese marketplace. Our creatively designed and promoted products enter Chinese market through wholesales to downstream distributors.
Corporate History and Structure of our PRC Operation
Corporate Organization Chart
The following is an organizational chart setting forth our corporate structure, immediately following the Closing:
3
3
History
On December 26, 2017, Million Success Business Limited, a British Virgin Islands corporation (Buyer) entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (Purchase Agreement) with the then largest shareholder of the Company, Mr. Claudio Gianascio, who owned 90.4% of the total outstanding shares of the Company (Seller). Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Seller sold to the Buyer all of his shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), or 38,121,530 shares of the Common Stock for $340,000 (such transaction, the Share Purchase). The Share Purchase closed on December 29, 2017.
At the closing of the Share Purchase, there was a change in our board and executive officers. Mr. Claudio Gianascio, sole director, President, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company appointed Mr. Peng Yang to serve as sole director, President, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, with such appointment effective on January 5, 2018, being ten days from the date the Information Statement on Schedule 14F-1 (the Schedule 14F-1) reporting the change in control as a result of the Share Purchase was mailed to all the stockholders of the Company. Mr. Gianascio resigned from all his positions with the Company effective on January 5, 2018.
Current Business
The popularity behind Chinese Fenjiu liquor is its unique combination of light alcohol fragrance and its soft and subtle sweetness. This combination has been one of the predominant taste preference amongst Chinese drinkers. Our Chinese Fenjiu product is a 53-proof clear spirit with long lasting clean after taste. Our strategic partner, Shanxi Xinghuacun Fenjiu Group Co., Ltd. (Fenjiu Group), produces our Chinese Fenjiu product. Its brewing process is guided by the principle of clean and pure, and such standard is achieved by double fermentation and double distillation process in order to increase the yield of ethanol and expel any unfavorable flavors. The fermented grains, usually sorghum and barley, will be distilled; the distilled grains will be fermented once more; the re-fermented grains will be distilled again.
Modern competition among different types of Chinese hard liquor is largely dependent on brand recognition that was built upon decades of customer goodwill and unique marketing strategies. Fenjiu liquor has a brand name may be said to have high brand recognition. It has long been a common liquor choice for traditional Chinese festivities, thus enjoying a deep cultural recognition amongst Chinese drinkers.
We believe that Fenjiu liquor presents great business opportunities for us to utilize creative product designs and marketing strategies to attract Chinese populations. Collaborating with Fenjiu Group, the sole producer of Chinese Fenjiu liquor, we have made been focusing on the product designs that instill a modern feel to our products while maintaining Fenjiu liquors historical elegance. Our designer packaging stands out from our competitors, symbolized by its bright coloring and prominently fat-bellied jars. With creative designs and stylized name, our registered trademarks such as Dagangjiu (translated as Big Jar Liquor) are effective in capturing young and older Chinese populations attention.
4
4
Established in 2017, our imported wine distribution business will likely maintain its growth potential. Such growth potential is evident from the marked prices of the imported wines from Spain and New Zealand in the current Chinese market. A great majority of competitive players have priced their 750mL bottles imported from Spain and New Zealand well above RMB 200, an equivalent of $31. This price falls within the premium range in the general Chinese wine market, indicating good high-growth price tier potential. Based on general Chinese wine market growth, the premium range enjoyed the highest year-on-year growth compared to other price tiers of wine in 2017. It is likely that the pricing trend for premium wines are also applicable to imported wine from Spain and New Zealand, which means that our imported wine business will enjoy continued growth in 2018. Accordingly, our strategy is to continue pricing our products at premium levels to generate potential high margins. Though marketing and brand identity are still integral part of wine business in China, wine sales are highly driven by the origin of the wines. Since Spanish and New Zealand are considered prime origins for wine productions, our wine products will continue grab the attention of Chinese drinkers, ensuring the sustainable growth of our imported wine business.
We have strategically planned our wholesale and marketing channels. We sell directly to our six major distributers who then retail our products to over 300 store fronts and outlets. Even though we do not retail our products online, we believe internet is a great way to market our products. Aside from promoting our products through traditional TV platforms, we have established our reputation on existing major Chinese e-commerce platforms such as Taobao.com and further enhanced our business goodwill through our marketing on online-to-offline (O2O), business-to-business (B2B) and business-to-consumer (B2C) platforms. We promote our Fenjiu and imported wine through WeChat and other social media apps to strengthen our marketing efforts and to educate general public on Chinese liquor tasting and history of Chinese Fenjiu liquor.
5
5
We believe that effective marketing strategies and creative product designs are two major contributing factors to our success. To improve and maintain the effectiveness of our marketing strategies, we have established integrated and collaborative processes to drive coordinated operations across our marketing efforts and sales. Our effective marketing strategies enable us to promote multiple sales concepts across two major alcohol categories, effectively attracting different age and cultural groups of Chinese populations. Our marketing plans are well organized and strategically thought-out, designed to be efficiently executed and are tailored to meet unique taste and evolving demands of Chinese people. As a result, our companys innovative and highly-customized designs draw consideration public attention that maximizes sales. As an example, in May 2015, we introduced a new line of product, Qishierbian (translated as 72 Earthly Transformations), which brings modern visuals, ancient stories and new interpretations of Chinese culture to traditional Fenjiu liquor. This has helped creating acceptance of Fenjiu liquor from younger generations and its success reflects the changing needs and preferences of the Chinese populations. Over the past three years, we have generated approximately $2,395,120 in revenue under Qishierbian. We believe it is essential to improve the overall business sustainability through focusing on marketing strategies and creative product designs to support our success.
For the year ended June 30, 2017, we generated revenue of approximately 84.8% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and approximately 15.2% from imported wine wholesale. For the year ended June 30, 2016 100% of our revenue was generated from Fenjiu liquor. We have not experienced any seasonality in our business.
Industry Overview
Chinese Fenjiu Liquor Market
The long-term demand for Chinese hard liquor, especially Fenjiu liquor, will continue to grow in China. The overall business environment has been optimistic, due to the continuous economic growth evidenced by significant growth of Chinese nominal gross domestic product (GDP). This has led to an ever-increasing growth in Chinas per capita expenditures on food, tobacco, and alcoholic beverages, indicating increased consumers disposable income and willingness to spend money on alcoholic beverages in general. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the sales ratio of Chinese liquor in China has remained relatively flat over the past five years. Given the increasing purchasing power and improving living standards, the sales volume of Chinese liquor increased from 11,267.0 million liters in 2012 to 13.057.1 million liters in 2016, with a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 3.8%. Overall, consumers are increasingly interested in drinking better quality liquor. Thus, the consumption of Chinese liquor is expected to shift to higher quality products and Chinese liquor market is expected to experience a stable growth in the near future. There are approximately 1,578 Chinese liquor producers in China with annual revenue above RMB 20 million. These producers mainly concentrated in southwest, northeast and central China. Given the Chinese governments implementation of policies designed to control and limit spending on the three public consumptions, the high-end Chinese liquor market in China has undergone extensive restructuring since 2012. However, due to increasing demand for mid- to low-end Chinese liquors, the sales revenue of in the Chinese liquor market have grown markedly, growing from RMB 446.6 billion in 2012 to RMB 612.6 billion in 2016, representing a CAGR of 8.2%. With consumers increasing purchasing power and changing consumption patterns, the Chinese liquor market in China is expected to maintain a stable level of growth in the near future.
6
6
Fenjiu Group and its subsidiaries are the sole suppliers of Fenjiu liquor in China. Fenjiu liquor has a relatively long history, and is one of the world-famous Chinese liquor brands. Due to the Chinese governments implementation of policies meant to control and limit spending on the three public consumptions, sales revenue in the Fenjiu liquor market have followed a downward trend since 2012. However, with increasing per capita incomes and rising demand for mid- to high-range products, the Fenjiu liquor market started to rebound in 2015, the market having expanded in terms of sales revenue to reach RMB5,117.9 million in 2016. In Shanxi, the cradle of Fenjiu liquor, it is also the preferred Chinese liquor of choice and maintains a stable customer base. Approximately 55% of Fenjiu liquor in terms of sales revenue was achieved in Shanxi in 2016. Fenjiu Group will continuously expend distribution channels and gain more market share in outside Shanxi market. It is expected that sales revenue of Fenjiu liquor will reach a further RMB10,532.0 million by 2022, increasing at a CAGR of 12.8% between 2016 and 2022.
Fenjiu liquor distributors are primarily previous stated-owned sugar and liquor enterprises, privately-owned companies, chained supermarkets, and convenience stores. Most of these companies have maintained their business relationship with Fenjiu Group and its subsidiaries over a long period of time. Fenjiu Group employs two different distribution models in China. Within Shanxi Province, the Group utilizes a direct distribution network, whereby sales managers of the Group are in direct contact with distributors on all levels and even end-consumers themselves. In other parts of China, the Group uses a traditional indirect distribution network. Key competitive factors include product and brand reputation, sales and marketing efforts, relationship status with Fenjiu Group, etc. There is a myriad of Fenjiu brands on the market and each enjoys a different degree of popularity. Product variety and brand reputation are key factors when consumers make their selection. Having an established relationship and added bargaining power with Fenjiu Group will ultimately affect the costs of distributors.
The developer model was prevalent throughout the first decade of the 21st century. The Group culled the developers by eliminating those who had less than RMB 5 million in revenue in 2009 and less than RMB 10 million in 2010. The total number of developers was reduced significantly. At the end of 2016, the total number of distributors reached 987. The Fenjiu liquor distribution market is highly competitive with no single distributor occupying a lions share of the market. At present, the market is saturated with a wide variety of types and brands of Fenjiu liquor products. Reliant currently accounts for less than 1% of the market share.
There are relatively high entry barriers for new competitors in Fenjiu liquor distribution market. Firstly, it is important for new entrants to get an authorization from Fenjiu Group, which is the sole provider of Fenjiu liquor products, to distribute the Groups products. The Group has started placing stricter requirements on its distributors, including, for example, new sales target, rich experience in the industry, good past performance in cooperation with the Group, etc. Thus, it has become increasingly difficult for new players to enter the market. Fenjiu liquor enjoys widespread popularity in and around Shanxi Province, with markets in other parts of China being significantly smaller. It is therefore important for new entrants to have an pre-existing distribution network in certain regions of China in order to be successful. It remains risky for new entrants to enter into new areas where Fenjiu liquor is not yet fully established and where the distribution market is already saturated. By the end of 2016, there were nearly 1,000 distributors of Fenjiu liquor in China. Distributors range from mom-and-pop stores in Shanxi Province to larger companies with years of experience in the Fenjiu liquor industry, each competing for a fair share of the market. Intense competition arises between distributors within the same region, selling the same or different Fenjiu brands. Fenjiu liquor includes a variety of products, differing in terms of ABV, vintage, recipe, etc. Although there are no dominant varieties in the market, some are preferred by end consumers more than others. However, almost all of these popular varieties have already been taken up by exclusive distributors. Thus, new entrants might find it difficult to source popular products directly from Fenjiu Group or will be left to source them from existing distributors, which entails lower profit margins.
7
7
Chinese Wine Market
According to the data from International Organization of Vine and Wine (OIV), the per capita wine consumption in China is much lower than US average level. After the reduction on three public consumptions in 2013, Chinas per capita consumption showed a further decrease. However, the consumption pattern has changed and the wine consumption has grown into a mass consumption accompanied with the wine price decreasing. Compared with the world average condition, Chinas per capita wine consumption has been around one-third of the worlds average since 2010. The relatively low per capita wine consumption in China indicates great growth potential of future Chinas wine market.
During the forecasted period from 2012 to 2022, Chinese consumers will develop the habit of drinking wine rather than other alcoholic beverages for the consideration of their health. In addition, the O2O platforms for wine will encourage the purchase. Since importers can act directly as retailers, the increasing trend of imported wine consumption is likely to continue in the forecasted period.
There are four market drivers of Chinas wine market. Firstly, Chinas per capita disposable income has been increasing rapidly mainly due to the increasing wage level. The rising disposable income indicates the increasing purchasing power of Chinese people, as well as that they pay more attention to the quality of life, thus stimulating the further growth of wine consumption. Secondly, Chinas urbanization rate has been improving greatly during the past decades and Chinese government sets up the goal of 60% by 2020. With the further improvement of urbanization rate in China, the retail sales market is experiencing a rapid growth in urban regions in China. Along with the adoption of two-child policy, more couples will give birth to two child and they will grow into the potential customers of wine in the future, increasing the purchasing power of China in wine market. Thirdly, there are favorable national and international policies for imported wine. According to bilateral trade agreement signed by PRC government with New Zealand, Chile and Australia, imported goods from the three countries will benefit from low tariff rate. By 2019, the tariff will be totally eliminated. The favorable policy will reduce the wine retailing price and contribute to the sales. Fourthly, as the living standard improves, PRC people grow more concerned about their health problems and focus on eating healthy food as well as taking exercises. They pay more attention to drinking for health rather than drinking abusively. The functions of drinking wine, such as beautification and antioxidation, play an important role in contributing to its consumption, especially for female customers.
Our Strengths
Our Company has a high brand recognition in Chinese Fenjiu liquor market
Our prominent Dagangjiu brand Fenjiu liquor is one of the Chinese Fenjiu liquor markets popular brands. We believe that we have built a reputation among Chinese drinkers as a reliable destination to meet their needs and preferences when choosing Fenjiu liquor. Our customers chooses our Fenjiu products for personal enjoyment, gifts for loved ones or good quality alcohol for special occasions such as weddings and other traditional Chinese festivities. We have also leveraged the strength of the Fenjiu Group to become one of the leading Fenjiu brand in international alcohol festivals such as the World Wine Culture Expo held in Shanxin, China in 2017. We believe our high brand recognition anchors our packaging and distribution business with strong customer goodwill in Shanxi province and beyond, providing us with a competitive advantage.
Our Marketing Experts Extensive Experience and Superior Reputation in our Industry
We believe that our competitors marketing team cannot match our marketing experts extensive industry experience and their superior reputation. We believe our commercial campaigns build strong credibility with consumers and potential liquor distribution partners and shape the market trends of consumer preferences and business evolutions in the industry.
8
8
Additionally, we believe our marketing expertise and design proficiency required to successfully attract new customers combined with our ability to generate a range of business concepts and capability to customize each sales opportunity according to customers need are advantages when competing in Chinese Fenjiu market. Our combined expertise also allows us to successfully manage the numerous regional and cultural complexities involved in operating a traditional liquor business in China.
A Reliable and Flexible Business Model
Our current business model is very reliable and very flexible. It can be diversified in terms of the product flavors we serve and producers we sign commissions with. While operating a mix of marketing campaigns and business concepts under our own registered trademarks Dagangjiu and Dagang Jiufang, we entrust the liquor production to reputed large-scale producers. Currently, we are in a strategic partnership with Fenjiu Group; such partnership not only ensure the quality and product specifications of our product, but also guarantees our ample cost advantages and generous supply capacities.
Although our current business strategy emphasizes on the marketing, packaging and distribution of Fenjiu liquor and imported wines, should we want to change our business strategy to cater to more popular product types such as Luzhou-flavor liquor and Maotai-flavor liquor, we can quickly adjust our marketing concepts and product packaging to meet customers evolving needs and preferences. Due to our ownership of trademarks, we can change our strategic partnerships to address new product preferences while maintaining our accumulated goodwill. This approach enables us to update marketing concepts and product mix any time and allows us to be flexible in our marketing approach.
This reliable and flexible business model has contributed to the marketing resilience of our business performance.
Service-driven and Cohesive Management Team
Our talented and dedicated senior management team has guided our organization through its expansion and positioned us for continued growth. Our team has an average of 20 years of their respective expertise. Additionally, our management team possesses extensive experience across a broad range of disciplines, including Chinese liquor marketing, sales, E-Commerce, finance, franchising and business management. Our management team embraces our core purpose to promote premium alcoholic beverages to Chinese population of all ages and exemplifies our passionate and customer-oriented culture, which is shared by our employees throughout our company. We believe this results in a service-driven and cohesive management team focused on long-term business growth.
Our Strengths
Principal Products and Services
For the year ended June 30, 2017, we generated revenue of approximately 84.8% from Fenjiu liquor wholesale and approximately 15.2% from imported wine wholesale. For the year ended June 30, 2016, 100% of our revenue was generated from Fenjiu liquor wholesale. We have not experienced any seasonality in our business.
Fenjiu Liquor Wholesale
For our Fenjiu liquor wholesale business, we secure strategic partnership with dealers that we sought after based on our market survey data, market positioning data, sales channels data, sales capabilities data and sales potential evaluation. We further evaluate dealers according to their geographical and administrative area and categorize them into provincial, municipal and county agents. We establish cooperative relationships and strategic sales partnership amongst them to further facilitate the sales of our products. We wholesale our Fenjiu liquor products directly to these dealers.
In addition, we target dealers with sales access to retail stores and outlets. We sell our Fenjiu retail products with simple and bulk packaging to these dealers. The main idea is to achieve profitable margins through the reduction of high-end designs and packaging while maintaining a relatively low-price of our Fenjiu liquor products. In this way, we reach more Chinese customers through the cost-effectiveness of our products. We sell our products to our dealers using vessels with 30 kg, 50 kg or even larger holding capacities. Our dealers then resell these products to retail stores and outlets.
9
9
Revenue generated from our Fenjiu liquor wholesale business accounted for 84.8% and 100%, respectively, of the total revenue derived from our general business in 2016 and 2017.
Imported Wine Wholesale
For our imported wine wholesale business, we secure strategic partnership with dealers that we sought after based on our market survey data, market positioning data, sales channels data, sales capabilities data and sales potential evaluation. We further evaluate dealers according to their geographical and administrative area and categorize them into provincial, municipal and county agents. We establish cooperative relationships and strategic sales partnership amongst them to further facilitate the sales of our products. We wholesale our imported wines directly to these dealers.
Revenue generated from our imported wine wholesale business accounted for 15.2% of the total revenue derived from our general business in 2017.
Competition
There are intense competitions in the Chinese liquor market. As a result, customers face a tremendous number of choices when deciding which brand or product to choose from.
Fenjiu Group has nearly 1,000 multi-layered distributors, with these distributors often serving as Fenjiu brand co-builders. Although the Fenjiu brand is now widely known as a Chinese liquor brand throughout the market, Fenjiu liquor distributors will continue working to co-build and enhance their brand image alongside Fenjiu Group so as to buffer the intense competition and capture additional market share from competitors. By the end of 2016, there were nearly 1,000 distributors of Fenjiu liquor in China. Distributors range from mom-and-pop stores in Shanxi Province to larger companies with years of experience in the Fenjiu liquor industry, each competing for a fair share of the market. Competitions are even more intense amongst the distributors within the same region.
Customers
We rely upon several of our large customers from whom we generated substantial revenue each year, and the composition of our largest customers has changed from year to year. For the year ended June 30, 2017, five of our customers represented approximately 20%, 24%, 14%, 18% and 7% of the Huaxins revenue, respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2016, four of our customers represented approximately 35%, 31%, 18% and 5% of Huaxins revenue, respectively. While we believe that one or more of our major customers could account for a significant portion of our sales for at least the year 2018, we anticipate that our customer base will continue to expand and that in the future we will be less dependent on major customers.
Suppliers
We primarily rely upon two of our large suppliers from whom we generated substantial revenue each year, and the composition of our largest customers has not changed in the past two years. In general, for the year ended June 30, 2017, two of our suppliers together accounted for 85% of the total purchases. For the year ended June 30, 2016, they accounted for 100% of the total purchases.
In general, we enter into procurement agreements in the ordinary course of business with our suppliers, pursuant to a form of supply order typically on a deal by deal basis. However, we have a stable strategic partnership with Fenjiu Group, with which we renew our partnership agreements annually.
10
10
Intellectual Property
Protection of our intellectual property is a strategic priority for our business. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality agreements, to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We do not rely on third-party licenses of intellectual property for use in our business.
As of the date of this prospectus, we had obtained 2 patents for liquor-making devices that can change proofs of various liquors, both of which were registered in 2015. Our issued PRC patents will expire in 2025. As of the date of this prospectus, we had registered 10 trademarks and had submitted 11 additional trademark applications. Our registered PRC trademarks will expire between 2024 and 2028 but can be renewed before the trademarks respective expiration date. As of the date of this prospectus, we had obtained 2 registered domain names.
In addition to the foregoing protections, we generally control access to and use of our proprietary and other confidential information through the use of internal and external controls, such as use of confidentiality agreement with our employees and outside consultants.
Properties
Prior to the change in control, the Companys office is located at One Liberty Plaza, Suite 2310 PMB# 21, New York, NY 10006. Because the Company has had no business, its activities will be limited to keeping itself in good standing in the State of Nevada, seeking out acquisitions, reorganizations or mergers and preparing and filing the appropriate reports with the SEC. These activities have consumed an insubstantial amount of managements time.
After the change in control, ORNC adopts the business of Reliant. Reliants corporate office is located at Wickhams Cay 1, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.
Huaxins headquarters are located at Building 22, Baihui Shoufu, Xinghuacun Town, Fenyang City, Shanxi Province, China, where we own the property with an aggregate floor area of approximately 1561.6 square meters. This includes Huaxins sales and marketing office, communication and business development office and our management and operations facilities.
Huaxin currently lease from Fenyang Baihui Real Estate Co., Ltd. on an arms length basis, approximately 50 square meters of office space at No.2, 1st Floor, Block A4, Baihui Shoufu, Xinghuacun Town, Fenyang City, Shanxi Province, China under a lease that expires on September 6, 2018 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.
Huaxin also currently lease from Taiyuan Xiangyu Enterprise Management Consulting Co. Ltd. on an arms length basis, approximately 100 square meters of office space at No.5, Unit 1, Building 2, No. 343, Fenyang Road, Xiaodian District, Taiyuan City, Shanxi Province, China under a lease that expires on November 9, 2018 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.
Huaxin also currently lease from Shanxi Zhanpeng Metal Products Co., Ltd. on an arms length basis, approximately 1000 square meters of office space at No. 2, South Hero Road, Fenyang City, Shanxi Province, China under a lease that expires on March 9, 2021 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.
Huaxin also currently lease from Ms. Jiangmei Guo on an arms length basis, approximately 140 square meters of office space at No. 1011, Unit 2, Unit 1, Wenxingyuan, Xiaodian District, Fenyang City, Shanxi Province, China under a lease that expires on December 8, 2018 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.
Huaxin also currently lease from Mr. Genshan Zhao on an arms length basis, approximately 60 square meters of office space at Room 915, Wufeng International, No. 11 Zhenxing Street, High-Tech Zone, Taiyuan City, Shanxi Province, China under a lease that expires on September 30, 2018 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.
11
11
Huaxin also currently lease from Mr. Jianhong Zhang on an arms length basis, approximately 50 square meters of office space at Room 903, 9th Floor, Wufeng International Building, High-tech Development Zone, Taiyuan City, Shanxi Province, China under a lease that expires on September 20, 2018 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.
In addition, Huaxin currently lease from Fenyang City Jiudu Xinhua Liquor Trading Center Co., Ltd. on an arms length basis, approximately 1200 square meters of warehouse space at South District if Shudao Avenue, High-Speed Exit, Xinghua Village, Fenyang City, Shanxi Province, China under a lease that expires on January 11, 2019 and can be renewed subject to mutual agreements by both parties.
We believe that our current facilities are adequate and suitable for our operations.
Employees
As of the date of this report, we had 41 employees throughout our operations in 4 offices and 3 warehouses. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our employees to be good.
Legal Proceedings
From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. To the knowledge of management, no federal, state or local governmental agency is presently contemplating any proceeding against the Company. No director, executive officer or affiliate of the Company or owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of the Companys common stock is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company in any proceeding.
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
The registrant is subject to the requirements of the Exchange Act, and files reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy these reports, proxy statements and other information at the public reference room maintained by the SEC at its Public Reference Room, located at 100 F Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the public reference room by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. In addition, we are required to file electronic versions of those materials with the SEC through the SECs EDGAR system. The SEC also maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC.
12
12
RISK FACTORS
As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information required by this Item.
