Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Mont Sainte-Marguerite Wind Farm Purchase and Sale Agreement
On August 10, 2018, the Company consummated the transactions contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement (the MSM PSA) by and among the Company, Vertuous Canada and Pattern Energy Group LP (Pattern Development 1.0).
MSM PSA
) by and among the Company, Vertuous Canada and Pattern Energy Group LP (
Pattern Development 1.0
).
Pursuant to the MSM PSA, Pattern Canada (i) subscribed for a 50.99% limited partnership interest in MSM LP (which in turn purchased all of the issued and outstanding units in the capital of the MSM Project LP held by the existing limited partner of the MSM Project LP) and (ii) purchased from an affiliate of Pattern Development 1.0 70% of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of Pattern GP and 70% of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of MSM Development, in exchange for aggregate consideration of CAD$53,040,000. Concurrently, Vertuous Canada (i) subscribed for a 48.99% limited partnership interest in MSM LP and (ii) purchased from an affiliate of Pattern Development 1.0 30% of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital
of Pattern GP and 30% of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of MSM Development, in exchange for aggregate consideration of CAD$50,960,000. As noted in Item 1.01 above, (1) Pattern GP is the general partner of MSM LP and holds a 50% interest in MSM GP, the general partner of the MSM Project LP, (2) MSM LP is the sole limited partner of the MSM Project LP and (3) MSM Development acts as the manager in respect of the MSM Project LP.
The MSM Project LP operates the approximately 143 megawatt wind farm located in the municipalities of Saint-Sylvestre (MRC de Lotbinire), Saint-Sverin (MRC Robert-Cliche), Sacr-Coeur-de-Jsus (MRC des Appalaches) and Saint-Frederic (MRC Robert-Cliche), which achieved commercial operations in the first quarter of 2018. Immediately after the closing, the Companys owned capacity with respect to the wind farm was approximately 73 megawatts.
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.
