Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On July 2, 2018, the Company announced the closing of the sale of the Portfolio to Synchrony.
Under the terms of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreements and related purchase agreements with unaffiliated third parties, Synchrony acquired $7.6 billion in receivables, including the U.S. consumer credit receivables portfolio held by the Sellers, which totaled $6.8 billion at the time of closing, and approximately $0.8 billion in participation interests in receivables held by unaffiliated third parties. The Sellers collectively received approximately $6.9 billion in total consideration at closing. The purchase price is subject to a post-closing true-up under the Purchase Agreements to reflect trailing transactions and mischaracterized accounts, in addition to an adjustment for certain unbilled accrued deferred interest on the principal balance of deferred interest promotional pre-closing purchases that becomes payable over the six months following the closing.
The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreements have been made solely for the benefit of the applicable parties specified therein. In addition, such representations, warranties and covenants: (i) have been made only for purposes of the applicable Purchase Agreement; (ii) have been qualified by confidential disclosures made to the other parties in the disclosure schedules delivered in connection with the Purchase Agreements; (iii) are subject to materiality qualifications contained in the applicable Purchase Agreement, which may differ from what may be viewed as material by investors; (iv) were made as of the dates specified in the applicable Purchase Agreement; and (v) have been included in the applicable Purchase Agreement for the purpose of allocating risk between the contracting parties rather than establishing matters as fact.
The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby contained in this Item 2.01 does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, reference to the full text of each Purchase Agreement, which were filed as Exhibits 2.1 and 2.2, respectively, to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 2017, and are incorporated by reference herein.
2.1
and
2.2
, respectively, to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 2017, and are incorporated by reference herein
.
