Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition of Assets
The disclosure set forth in the Introductory Note above is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference. On July 19, 2018, the Business Combination was approved by M I Acquisitions shareholders. The Business Combination was completed on July 25, 2018.
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, M I Acquisitions agreed to pay the Sellers consideration consisting of a number of shares of the Companys common stock equal to Prioritys equity value (which the Purchase Agreement defines as of the signing date as the $947.8 million enterprise value of Priority, less the net debt of Priority, subject to certain adjustments as described in the Purchase Agreement) divided by $10.30. More than 99% of such shares of the Companys common stock were issued at the closing, with the remaining shares to be issued at a later date.
An additional 9.8 million shares of the Companys common stock may be issued as earn out consideration to the Sellers, or at their election, to members of Prioritys management or other service providers post-business combination pursuant to the Earnout Incentive Plan attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3.
Furthermore, concurrently with the Purchase Agreement, the founding stockholders of the Company (the Founders) and Priority entered into a purchase agreement (the Founders Share Agreement), attached hereto as Exhibit 2.2, pursuant to which Priority purchased 421,107 of the units issued to the Founders in a private placement immediately prior to M I Acquisitions initial public offering, and 453,210 shares of common stock of M I Acquisitions issued to the Founders, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $2.1 million. In addition, pursuant to the Founders Share Agreement, the Founders forfeited 174,863 founders shares at the closing of the Business Combination, which shares may be reissued to the Founders if one of the earn outs described herein (and relating to the Purchase Agreement consideration) is achieved.
2
The material terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement are described on pages 66 to 69 of M I Acquisitions definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on July 5, 2018 (the Proxy Statement) in the section entitled Proposal No. 1The Business Combination ProposalThe Purchase Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Forward Looking Statements
This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as forecast, intend, seek, target, anticipate, believe, expect, estimate, plan, outlook, and project and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. Such forward looking statements with respect to projections, revenues, earnings, performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the Companys business are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to: (1) the ability to meet NASDAQs continued listing standards following the Business Combination; (2) the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, and the Companys ability to grow and manage growth profitably; (3) the incurrence of costs related to the Business Combination; (4) changes in applicable laws or regulations, including the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017; (5) the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and (6) other risks and uncertainties indicated in the Proxy Statement, including those under Risk Factors therein, and other documents to be filed with the SEC by the Company. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company does not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
Business
The business of M I Acquisitions prior to the Business Combination is described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled M I Acquisitions Business beginning on page 166 and is incorporated herein by reference. The business of Priority prior to the Business Combination is described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Prioritys Business beginning on page 121 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Prioritys Business
Risk Factors
The risks associated with the Companys business are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 26 and are incorporated herein by reference.
Selected Historical Financial Information
Selected historical financial information for M I Acquisitions prior to the Business Combination is set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto. Selected historical financial information for Priority prior to the Business Combination as of and for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and as of March 31, 2018 and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Summary of the Proxy StatementSummary Historical Financial Information of Priority beginning on page 21 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosure About Market Risk
The section of the Form 10-Q, filed by the Company on July 7, 2018, entitled Item 2. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Operations and Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk is incorporated herein by reference. The section of the Proxy Statement entitled Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Priority beginning on page 145 is incorporated herein by reference.
3
Properties
The Companys principal executive office is located at 2001 Westside Parkway, Suite 155, Alpharetta, GA 30004. The Companys principal operating locations are described in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Prioritys BusinessFacilities on page 138 of the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Companys common stock and warrants as of the date hereof:
 each person who is known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of any class of its stock or warrants;
 each of the Companys named executive officers and directors; and
 all officers and directors of the Company, as a group.
Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days.
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock and Warrants Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock and Warrants Executive Officers and Directors(2) Thomas Priore(3) 49,434,170 73.6% John Priore(4) 9,347,591 14.0% Afshin Yazdian   Marc Manuel 59,190 * William Gahan   Matthew Kearney 12,457 * All post-Business Combination directors and executive officers as a group (11 individuals) 61,247,941 91.0%
Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock and Warrants
Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock and Warrants
Executive Officers and Directors(2)
Thomas Priore(3) 49,434,170 73.6%
49,434,170
73.6
%
John Priore(4) 9,347,591 14.0%
9,347,591
14.0
%
Afshin Yazdian  


Marc Manuel 59,190 *
59,190
*
William Gahan  


Matthew Kearney 12,457 *
12,457
*
All post-Business Combination directors and executive officers as a group (11 individuals) 61,247,941 91.0%
61,247,941
91.0
%
* Less than 1%
(1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Priority Technology Holdings, Inc., 2001 Westside Parkway, Alpharetta, GA 30004. (2) The Sellers expect to appoint two additional directors after the consummation of the Business Combination, subject to a vote by the board of directors to increase the number of board seats and to fill such newly-created positions. The Sellers have not yet selected who will serve in those two additional board seats, but do not expect that such persons will qualify as independent directors under Nasdaq rules. (3) Includes 3,063,097 shares of the Companys common stock and warrants directly held by Priority Incentive Equity Holdings, LLC. Following the Business Combination, Thomas Priore became the managing member of Priority Investment Holdings LLC, which is the non-member manager of Priority Incentive Equity Holdings, LLC. Thomas Priore may be deemed to beneficially own such shares and warrants directly or indirectly controlled by him. The address of Thomas Priore and each of the other entities listed in this footnote is c/o Priority Technology Holdings, Inc., 2001 Westside Parkway, Alpharetta, GA 30004. (4) Includes 9,347,591 shares of the Companys common stock directly held by AESV Credit Card Consulting LLC, which is controlled by John Priore. John Priore may be deemed to beneficially own such shares directly or indirectly controlled by him.
Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Priority Technology Holdings, Inc., 2001 Westside Parkway, Alpharetta, GA 30004.
(2) The Sellers expect to appoint two additional directors after the consummation of the Business Combination, subject to a vote by the board of directors to increase the number of board seats and to fill such newly-created positions. The Sellers have not yet selected who will serve in those two additional board seats, but do not expect that such persons will qualify as independent directors under Nasdaq rules.
The Sellers expect to appoint two additional directors after the consummation of the Business Combination, subject to a vote by the board of directors to increase the number of board seats and to fill such newly-created positions. The Sellers have not yet selected who will serve in those two additional board seats, but do not expect that such persons will qualify as independent directors under Nasdaq rules.
(3) Includes 3,063,097 shares of the Companys common stock and warrants directly held by Priority Incentive Equity Holdings, LLC. Following the Business Combination, Thomas Priore became the managing member of Priority Investment Holdings LLC, which is the non-member manager of Priority Incentive Equity Holdings, LLC. Thomas Priore may be deemed to beneficially own such shares and warrants directly or indirectly controlled by him. The address of Thomas Priore and each of the other entities listed in this footnote is c/o Priority Technology Holdings, Inc., 2001 Westside Parkway, Alpharetta, GA 30004.
Includes 3,063,097 shares of the Companys common stock and warrants directly held by Priority Incentive Equity Holdings, LLC. Following the Business Combination, Thomas Priore became the managing member of Priority Investment Holdings LLC, which is the non-member manager of Priority Incentive Equity Holdings, LLC. Thomas Priore may be deemed to beneficially own such shares and warrants directly or indirectly controlled by him. The address of Thomas Priore and each of the other entities listed in this footnote is c/o Priority Technology Holdings, Inc., 2001 Westside Parkway, Alpharetta, GA 30004.
(4) Includes 9,347,591 shares of the Companys common stock directly held by AESV Credit Card Consulting LLC, which is controlled by John Priore. John Priore may be deemed to beneficially own such shares directly or indirectly controlled by him.
Includes 9,347,591 shares of the Companys common stock directly held by AESV Credit Card Consulting LLC, which is controlled by John Priore. John Priore may be deemed to beneficially own such shares directly or indirectly controlled by him.
4
Directors and Executive Officers
Information with respect to the Companys directors and executive officers immediately after the Closing is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Directors, Executive Officers, Executive Compensation and Corporate GovernanceDirectors and Executive Officers after the Business Combination beginning on page 176 of the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Effective as of Closing, each of Thomas Priore, John Priore, William Gahan and Matthew Kearney were appointed to serve as directors of the Company and Marc Manuel is continuing to serve as a director. Thomas Priore was appointed to serve as Chairman of the Board. Biographical information for these individuals is set out in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Directors, Executive Officers, Executive Compensation and Corporate GovernanceDirectors and Executive Officers after the Business Combination beginning on page 176 of the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference.
The Board appointed Marc Manuel, William Gahan and Matthew Kearney to serve on the Audit Committee, with Marc Manuel serving as its Chairman, upon the determination by the Board that Marc Manuel, William Gahan and Matthew Kearney are independent for purposes of the listing standards of NASDAQ and Section 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Board appointed Thomas Priore, John Priore and William Gahan to serve on the Compensation Committee, with Thomas Priore serving as its Chairman. The Board appointed Thomas Priore, John Priore and William Gahan to serve on the Nominating & Governance Committee, with Thomas Priore serving as its Chairman. The Sellers expect to appoint two additional directors, subject to a vote by the Board to increase the number of board seats and to fill such newly-created positions. The Sellers have not yet selected who will serve in those two additional board seats, but do not expect that such persons will qualify as independent directors under Nasdaq rules.
2018 Equity Incentive Plan
On July 19, 2018, the stockholders of M I Acquisitions approved the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The description of the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Proposal No. 7The 2018 Equity Incentive Plan Proposal beginning on page 97 of the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the full text of the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.
The Earnout Incentive Plan
On July 19, 2018, the stockholders of M I Acquisitions approved the Earnout Incentive Plan. The description of the Earnout Incentive Plan is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Proposal No. 8Earnout Incentive Plan Proposal beginning on page 101 of the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the full text of the Earnout Incentive Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The description of certain relationships and related person transactions is included in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions beginning on page 179 of the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Director Independence
NASDAQ listing standards require that a majority of the Companys Board be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the companys Board, would interfere with the directors exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
5
All of the Companys directors are independent pursuant to the rules of the NASDAQ except Thomas Priore, the Companys Executive Chairman and John Priore, the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer. Furthermore, the Sellers expect to appoint two additional directors, subject to a vote by the Board to increase the number of board seats and to fill such newly-created positions. The Sellers have not yet selected who will serve in those two additional board seats, but do not expect that such persons will qualify as independent directors under Nasdaq rules.
Legal Proceedings
Information about legal proceedings is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Prioritys BusinessLegal Proceedings on page 139 of the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters
Information about the market price, number of stockholders and dividends for the Companys securities is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Price Range of Securities and Dividends on page 25 of the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference.
For the quarter ended June 30, 2018 through the closing date, the high and low sales prices per share of the Companys common stock as reported on NASDAQ were $11.20 and $10.93, respectively.
The Companys common stock, units and warrants are now quoted on NASDAQ under the symbols PRTH, PRTHU and PRTHW, respectively.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
The description of sale of unregistered securities by M I Acquisitions is set forth in M I Acquisitions Registration of Form S-1 (333-212675) under Item 15 is incorporated herein by reference.
In connection with the Closing, the Company issued to Sellers an aggregate of 60,356,317 shares of common stock. All of such shares were issued pursuant to transactions exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Description of the Companys Securities
A description of the Companys common stock, units and warrants is included in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Description of M I Acquisitions Securities beginning on page 181 of the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Pursuant to the Companys second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (Charter), the Companys authorized capital stock consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The outstanding shares of the Companys common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. As of the closing, there were 66,856,966 shares of common stock outstanding, held of record by approximately 33 holders of common stock and 5,731,216 warrants outstanding held of record by approximately 9 holders of warrants.
Purchase of Outstanding Warrant
Concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company and Goldman Sachs agreed to cancel the Goldman Sachs Warrant (GS Warrant) and Goldman Sachs was paid cash of $12.7 million for the GS Warrant. The GS Warrant was a 7 year, zero exercise price warrant issued by Priority to Goldman Sachs in connection with the refinancing of Prioritys credit facility on January 3, 2017, as subsequently adjusted as a result of anti-dilution provisions in the GS Warrant agreement triggered by Class A unit redemption of Priority, that entitled Goldman Sachs to exercise to receive 2.2% of Prioritys outstanding Class A Common Units at any time prior to expiration (the GS Warrant).
Indemnification of Directors and Officers
Information about the indemnification of the Companys directors and officers is set forth in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Proposal No. 6The Additional Amendments Proposal beginning on page 83 of the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The information set forth under Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
6
