Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On July 2, 2018, Joseph T. Ryerson & Son, Inc. (JTR), a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Ryerson Holding Corporation (Ryerson), completed the acquisition of Central Steel and Wire Company, a Delaware corporation (Central Steel), pursuant to the terms of the previously disclosed Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of June 4, 2018, by and among JTR, Hunter MergerCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of JTR (Merger Sub), Central Steel, and Fortis Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, solely in its capacity as the representative of Central Steels stockholders thereunder. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Central Steel (the Merger), with Central Steel surviving the Merger and continuing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of JTR.
Ryerson
Central Steel
Merger Agreement
Merger Sub
Central Steel is a leading metal service center with locations across the Central and Eastern United States. Central Steel employs approximately 900 people and operates out of six locations offering custom solutions utilizing value-added processing and a full line of metal products.
The holders of common stock, par value $5.00 per share (the Common Stock), of Central Steel as of the closing of the Merger will receive aggregate Merger consideration of approximately $150.8 million, or approximately $616.32 per share, in cash from Ryerson in connection with the closing of the Merger. In addition, shareholders of Central Steel as of the closing of the Merger may receive up to $7.5 million in the aggregate of additional consideration, which is representative of the amount held back in the transaction pending the final determination of Central Steels actual net working capital and net cash (after deducting transaction expenses) to confirm that the closing payment amount was not overstated. Further, if actual net working capital and net cash (after deducting transaction expenses) exceeds the estimated amounts used to calculate the closing payment, such shareholders will receive additional consideration for the amount above such estimates. An additional $1 million has been held back to cover the expenses of the shareholders representative pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the balance of which, to the extent not used, will also be distributed to Central Steels shareholders as of the closing of the Merger on a pro rata basis.
JTR will also assume approximately $8.9 million in transaction related obligations of Central Steel as a result of the closing of the Merger, including certain transaction expenses and retention and change in control payments.
In connection with the anticipated closing of the Merger and as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Central Steel declared a special dividend in the amount of $50 on each share of its Common Stock, which was paid on June 29, 2018.
The cash consideration payable to the former Central Steel stockholders was financed using borrowings under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2015, as amended, by and among Ryerson, JTR and certain directly and indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries of JTR as borrowers, certain directly and indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries of JTR as guarantors of obligations under the Credit Agreement, the lender parties thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent.
