2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On September 5, 2018, the Companys wholly owned subsidiary, Iota Networks, merged with and into M2M Spectrum Networks, a dedicated Internet of Things (IoT) network access and IoT solutions company, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, as amended. M2M Spectrum Networks was the surviving corporation and, as a result of the Merger, became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
M2M Spectrum Networks, with offices in New Hope, PA and Phoenix, AZ, provides comprehensive solutions for creating, connecting and managing communications for IoT. The company created the first dedicated, national, carrier-grade wireless network system to standardize and simplify IoT network access for end-customers. It employs FCC-licensed radio spectrum to ensure quality and reliability. M2M Spectrum Networks network system connects standard Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) and WiFi-based beacons and sensors to its cloud platform data store, from which any end-user application can access location, tracking, or sensor-based data for inclusion into end-user management systems. The new combined company, to be renamed Iota Communications, Inc., will add M2M Spectrum Groups healthcare, logistics, agricultural, and geo-marketing base to the Companys existing smart facilities and industrial offerings, and, we believe will be the first publicly-traded, pure-play, fully-featured IoT network operating company in the U.S.
2
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, as amended, at the effective time of the Merger:
 M2M Spectrum Networks outstanding 90,925,518 common equity units were exchanged for an aggregate of 136,938,178 shares of the Companys Common Stock;

M2M Spectrum Networks outstanding 90,925,518 common equity units were exchanged for an aggregate of 136,938,178 shares of the Companys Common Stock;
 M2M Spectrum Networks outstanding 14,559,737 profit participation units were exchanged for an aggregate of 15,898,110 shares of the Companys Common Stock; and

M2M Spectrum Networks outstanding 14,559,737 profit participation units were exchanged for an aggregate of 15,898,110 shares of the Companys Common Stock; and
 Warrants to purchase 1,372,252 common equity units of M2M Spectrum Networks were exchanged for warrants to purchase an aggregate of 18,281,494 shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Warrants).

Warrants to purchase 1,372,252 common equity units of M2M Spectrum Networks were exchanged for warrants to purchase an aggregate of 18,281,494 shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Warrants).
The Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years from the date the original warrants to purchase common equity units of M2M Spectrum Networks were issued to the holders. The Warrants provide for the purchase of shares of the Company's Common Stock an exercise price of $0.3753 per share. The Warrants are exercisable for cash only. The number of shares of Common Stock to be deliverable upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to adjustment for subdivision or consolidation of shares and other standard dilutive events.
The Merger Agreement, as amended, contained customary representations and warranties and pre- and post-closing covenants of each party and customary closing conditions. Breaches of the representations and warranties will be subject to indemnification provisions.
Immediately following the Merger, the Company had 196,226,610 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. The pre-Merger stockholders of the Company retained an aggregate of 38,390,322 shares of Common Stock of the Company, representing approximately 19.6% ownership of the post-Merger Company. Therefore, upon consummation of the Merger, there was a change in control of the Company, with the former owners of M2M Spectrum Networks effectively acquiring control of the Company. The Merger will be treated as a recapitalization and reverse acquisition of the Company for financial accounting purposes. M2M Spectrum Networks is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes, and the Companys historical financial statements before the Merger will be replaced with the historical financial statements of M2M Spectrum Networks before the Merger in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).
The parties intend for the Merger to qualify as a tax-free exchange under Section 351 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
3
The foregoing summaries of the Merger Agreement and the Warrants do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement and form of Warrants, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 2.1 and 4.1 to this Report and incorporated herein by reference.
