Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As described in the Introductory Note, on the Closing Date, Merger Sub I merged with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of HRG. Prior to the Merger, the Company was a majority owned subsidiary of HRG.
At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (Company Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares held in the treasury of the Company or owned or held, directly or indirectly, by HRG or any subsidiary of the Company or HRG, which were cancelled and no consideration was paid with respect thereto) was converted into the right to receive one share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of HRG (HRG Common Stock).
The issuance of HRG Common Stock in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to HRGs Registration Statement on Form S-4, which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 10, 2018, as amended (the S-4). The S-4 was declared effective on June 12, 2018. The joint proxy statement/prospectus included with the S-4 contains additional information about the Merger.
S-4).
The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement and Amendment No. 1 thereto, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 2.1 and 2.2 hereto, respectively, and incorporated into this Current Report on Form 8-K by reference in their entirety.
Upon the closing of the Merger, the shares of Company Common Stock that previously traded under the ticker symbol SPB on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) ceased trading on, and were delisted from, the NYSE. HRG Common Stock will commence trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol SPB on July 16, 2018.
