Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On July 13, 2018, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 24, 2018, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 8, 2018 (as so amended, the Merger Agreement), by and among Spectrum Brands Legacy, Inc. a Delaware corporation (f/k/a Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.) (Spectrum), Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a HRG Group, Inc.) (the Company), HRG SPV Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub I), and HRG SPV Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Merger Sub I merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with Spectrum continuing as the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation) and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
Spectrum
Company
Merger Sub I
Surviving Corporation
Immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each issued and outstanding share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (Company Common Stock) was, by means of a reverse stock split (the Reverse Split), combined into approximately 0.16125 of a share of Company Common Stock (the Share Combination Ratio), which was equal to (i) the number of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Spectrum held by the Company and its subsidiaries as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, adjusted for the Companys net indebtedness as of closing, certain transaction expenses of the Company that were unpaid as of closing and a $200,000,000 upward adjustment, divided by (ii) as of immediately prior to the Reverse Split, the number of outstanding shares of Company Common Stock on a fully diluted basis. No fractional shares of Company Common Stock were issued in the Reverse Split, and, in connection with the Reverse Split, holders of Company Common Stock became entitled to receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares in accordance with the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Company Common Stock
Reverse Split
Share Combination Ratio
At the Effective Time each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Spectrum (Spectrum Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares held in the treasury of Spectrum or owned or held, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any subsidiary of Spectrum or the Company, which were cancelled and no consideration was paid with respect thereto) was converted into the right to receive one share of Company Common Stock.
The issuance of Company Common Stock in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-4, which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 10, 2018 (as amended, the Form S-4). The Form S-4 was declared effective on June 12, 2018. The joint proxy statement/prospectus included with the Form S-4 contains additional information about the Merger.
SEC
Form S-4
The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement and Amendment No. 1 thereto, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 2.1 and 2.2 hereto, respectively, and incorporated into this Current Report on Form 8-K by reference in their entirety.
Upon the closing of the Merger, the shares of Spectrum Common Stock that previously traded under the ticker symbol SPB on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) ceased trading on, and were delisted from, the NYSE. Company Common Stock will commence trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol SPB on July 16, 2018.
