Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On September 5, 2018, Turning Point Brands, Inc. (Turning Point), a majority-owned subsidiary of Standard Diversified Inc. (the Registrant), completed the acquisition (the Acquisition) of International Vapor Group, LLC (IVG) pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement) dated as of September 5, 2018, by and among (i) Turning Point Brands, LLC, as Buyer, (ii) Pegasus Real Estate Investment Group, LLC, David Epstein, Milander Investments, LLC, David Herrera, David Mardini, John M. Scott, Martin Flumenbaum, Elizabeth McColm, Robert Schumer, Daniel Kramer, Durlan Bergnes, Angelo Bonvino, John Lange and Mark Wlazlo (collectively, the Shareholders), (iii) IVG Holdings S Corporation, as Seller, and (iv) Nicolas Molina, as Sellers Representative.
Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, Turning Point purchased the 100% membership interest in IVG held by the Seller for an aggregate purchase price of $24 million, subject to a working capital adjustment. The $24 million purchase price consists of: (i) $15,000,000 in cash at the closing, (ii) 153,079 shares of Turning Points common stock valued at $5,000,000, and (iii) $4,000,000 in the form of an 18-month unsecured promissory note (the Note) issued by Turning Point.
The Note bears interest at a rate equal to 6% per annum, compounded monthly, and has a maturity date 18 months following the closing date. The Note may be prepaid at any time without penalty and is subject to a default rate of 11% per annum. The Note is subject to customary defaults, including defaults for nonpayment, nonperformance and bankruptcy or insolvency of IVG. Upon an event of default and notice by the Seller, the obligations under the Note may accelerate and become immediately due and payable.
In connection with the transaction, IVG will enter into employment agreements with IVGs two founders, which agreements provide for an aggregate of $4.5 million in contingent earnouts based on performance metrics paid out at the end of two years.
Upon the closing of the Acquisition, the Shareholders and a fund managed by Standard General L.P. have agreed that the Shareholders will exchange the 153,079 shares of Turning Points common stock for 345,525 previously-issued shares of Class A Common Stock of the Registrant. Standard General L.P. (and its related funds) constitute the largest shareholder of the Registrant. Turning Point is not a party to this exchange transaction between Standard General L.P. and the Shareholders.
Except as described in this Item 2.01, there are no material relationships between Turning Point or the Registrant and any of the other parties involved in the Acquisition.
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.
