Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On August 31, 2018, Tintri, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), completed the sale of substantially all of its assets (the Assets) to TI Acquisition Corp. (Purchaser), a wholly owned subsidiary of DataDirect Networks, Inc. (Parent), pursuant a First Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2018, by and among the Company, Purchaser and Parent (the Amended Asset Purchase Agreement). The Amended Asset Purchase Agreement was previously filed by the Company as Exhibit 2.1 to its Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference. The sale of the Assets pursuant to the Amended Asset Purchase Agreement was approved pursuant to an order of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, dated August 29, 2018.
Pursuant to the terms of the Amended Asset Purchase Agreement, Purchaser paid $60.0 million to the Company in exchange for the Assets (the Acquisition), which such purchase price consisted of (i) cash in the amount of $35.0 million and (ii) the assumption of specified liabilities, including $25.0 million of the Companys outstanding indebtedness to TriplePoint Capital.
The proceeds from the Acquisition were subsequently distributed to the Companys secured lenders, unsecured creditors, and administrative expense claimants in accordance with the rules of the Bankruptcy Code and the orders of the Bankruptcy Court. Since the proceeds from the Acquisition were insufficient to satisfy all of the Companys debts and obligations, it is highly unlikely that any amounts will ultimately be paid to the Companys stockholders.
As previously disclosed in its Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2018, Parent and the Company are also party to that certain Direct Reseller Agreement with the Company, which provides Parent the non-exclusive right to resell certain of the Companys products for an initial term of one year.
the non-exclusive right
