Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On July 2, 2018 (the Closing Date), Trimble Inc. (Trimble or the Company) completed the acquisition of Viewpoint, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Viewpoint), the operating company and indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Waterfall Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Waterfall). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 23, 2018 (the Merger Agreement) among Jefferson Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), Waterfall, and Bain Capital Private Equity, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, solely in its capacity as representative (Representative), Merger Sub merged with and into Waterfall, with Waterfall continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger), for a total purchase price of $1.2 billion, subject to customary post-closing adjustments.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each share of common stock and preferred stock of Waterfall issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time was converted into the right to receive the applicable consideration calculated as set forth in the Merger Agreement, without interest, and was automatically cancelled and retired and ceased to exist. In addition, each unexercised option outstanding immediately prior to the effective time that became a vested option at the closing of the transaction or was deemed to be a vested option following the closing of the transaction, as set forth in the Merger Agreement, was, as of the effective time, converted into the right to receive the applicable consideration calculated as set forth in the Merger Agreement, and was automatically cancelled and retired and ceased to exist. Each option that did not otherwise become a vested option was cancelled and retired and ceased to exist effective as of the effective time, with no consideration therefor. The Company used the proceeds from the Term Loan (defined below) and a portion of the proceeds from the sale of its recently completed $900,000,000 senior notes offering to fund the purchase price for the Merger.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement has been included to provide investors with information regarding its terms and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 24, 2018, and which is incorporated herein by reference. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about Trimble, Waterfall, Viewpoint or Representative. The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties by certain of the parties to the Merger Agreement, which were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement and as of specified dates. The representations, warranties and covenants in the Merger Agreement were the product of negotiations among the parties and made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement; may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts; and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of Trimble, Waterfall, Viewpoint, Representative or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Trimbles public disclosures.
