Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On July 26, 2018, Welltower Inc. (the Company) completed the previously announced Mergers (as defined below) involving Potomac Acquisition LLC (Potomac), a subsidiary of the Company, Quality Care Properties, Inc. (QCP) and certain of QCPs subsidiaries pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of April 25, 2018, among the Company, Potomac, QCP and certain subsidiaries of QCP. In accordance with the Merger Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of QCP common stock (the QCP Shares) in an all-cash merger via a series of transactions in which QCP stockholders received $20.75 in cash for each QCP Share (the Merger Consideration).
Potomac
QCP
Merger Agreement
QCP Shares
all-cash
Merger Consideration
The transaction occurred through a series of successive mergers of certain of QCPs subsidiaries with and into Potomac, followed by the merger of QCP with and into Potomac, with Potomac surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Mergers). At the effective time of each of the Merger of QCP with and into Potomac, each issued and outstanding share of QCP common stock converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger is not complete and is subject to and entirely qualified by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2018.
The Merger Agreement has been incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this report to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, QCP, or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The representations, warranties, and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties, and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties thereto or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys public disclosures.
The Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Mergers on July 26, 2018, which is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference.
