Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
Effective September 1, 2018, The WellCare Management Group, Inc., a New York corporation (Acquiror) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of WellCare Health Plans, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), completed its previously announced acquisition of Caidan Management Company, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company (Caidan Management), MeridianRx, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company (MeridianRx), Caidan Holding Company, a Michigan corporation (Holdings and, together with Caidan Management and MeridianRx, the Meridian Group). Pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, that certain Transaction Agreement (the Transaction Agreement), dated May 28, 2018, by and among Acquiror, the Meridian Group and Caidan Enterprises, Inc., a Michigan corporation (Seller), Acquiror acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of the Meridian Group (including Meridian Health Plan of Illinois, Inc. and Meridian Health Plan of Michigan, Inc.) from Seller (the Transaction) for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $2.5 billion, subject to certain purchase price adjustments, as described in the Transaction Agreement.
Acquiror
) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of WellCare Health Plans, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company
), completed its previously announced acquisition of Caidan Management Company, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company (
), MeridianRx, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company (
), Caidan Holding Company, a Michigan corporation (
Holdings
 and, together with Caidan Management and MeridianRx, the 
Meridian Group
). Pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, that certain Transaction Agreement (the 
), dated May 28, 2018, by and among Acquiror, the Meridian Group and Caidan Enterprises, Inc., a Michigan corporation (
Seller
), Acquiror acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of the Meridian Group (including Meridian Health Plan of Illinois, Inc. and Meridian Health Plan of Michigan, Inc.) from Seller (the 
Transaction
) for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $2.5 billion, subject to certain purchase price adjustments, as described in the Transaction Agreement.
The Company funded the cash consideration for the Transaction, the pay-off of certain Meridian Group indebtedness and the payment of transaction-related expenses through a combination of cash-on-hand, $225 million drawn under the Companys Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 23, 2018, and proceeds from an issuance by the Company of $750 million aggregate principal amount 5.375% of Senior Notes due 2026, and proceeds of approximately $1.38 billion from an issuance by the Company of 5,207,547 shares of the Companys common stock (before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses).
The foregoing description of the Transaction Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Transaction Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 31, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.
SEC
) on July 31, 2018, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.
