Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
As previously disclosed, on April 11, 2018, Wright Investors Service Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Khandwala Capital Management, Inc., a Connecticut corporation (Purchaser), and Amit S. Khandwala (ASK) entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement). Pursuant to the Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions therein, the Company agreed to sell, and Purchaser agreed to purchase for cash (the Sale), all of the issued and outstanding stock of the Companys wholly-owned subsidiary, The Winthrop Corporation (Winthrop). The purchase price (the Purchase Price) for the stock is $6.0 million. The Sale was subject to the approval of the stockholders of the Company, which was received on July 16, 2018 at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company. On July 17, 2018 the Company completed the Sale.
This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed to provide unaudited pro forma financial information for the Company giving effect to the Sale. Specifically, this pro forma financial information gives effect to (i) events that are directly attributable to the sale and factually supportable, regardless of whether they have a continuing impact or are nonrecurring. The pro forma statements of income are prepared based on the Companys historical statements and adjusted as if the sale occurred on the first day of each period presented and include adjustments which give effect to the events that are (i) directly attributable to the Sale, (ii) expected to have a continuing impact on the Company, and (iii) factually supportable.
The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only, is based upon estimates by the Companys management and is not intended to be indicative of actual results of operations or financial position that would have been achieved had the transaction been consummated as of the beginning of each period indicated above or as of March 31, 2018, nor does it purport to indicate results which may be attained in the future.
The foregoing description of the Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 11, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference.
