Item 2.01
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On September 12, 2018, XL Group Ltd (the Company) completed its previously announced merger with Camelot Holdings Ltd. (Merger Sub), a wholly owned subsidiary of AXA SA (AXA). Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 5, 2018, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and AXA (the Merger Agreement), and the statutory merger agreement required in accordance with Section 105 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, as amended (the Companies Act), by and among the Company, Merger Sub and AXA, dated as of September 12, 2018, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company in accordance with the Companies Act (the Merger), with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of AXA.
Company
) completed its previously announced merger with Camelot Holdings Ltd. (
Merger Sub
), a wholly owned subsidiary of AXA SA (
). Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 5, 2018, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and AXA (the 
Merger Agreement
), and the statutory merger agreement required in accordance with Section 105 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, as amended (the 
), by and among the Company, Merger Sub and AXA, dated as of September 12, 2018, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company in accordance with the Companies Act (the 
), with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of AXA.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each issued and outstanding common share, par value $0.01 per common share, of the Company (each, a Company Share) (other than any Company Shares that are owned (i) by the Company as treasury shares, (ii) by wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company or (iii) by AXA, Merger Sub or by wholly owned subsidiaries of AXA (with certain exceptions)), including each outstanding restricted Company Share (unless otherwise agreed between AXA and the holder of the award), were automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive $57.60 in cash, without interest and subject to any applicable tax withholdings (the Merger Consideration), funded with cash on hand from AXA.
Effective Time
), each issued and outstanding common share, par value $0.01 per common share, of the Company (each, a 
Company Share
) (other than any Company Shares that are owned (i) by the Company as treasury shares, (ii) by wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company or (iii) by AXA, Merger Sub or by wholly owned subsidiaries of AXA (with certain exceptions)), including each outstanding restricted Company Share (unless otherwise agreed between AXA and the holder of the award), were automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive $57.60 in cash, without interest and subject to any applicable tax withholdings (the 
Merger Consideration
), funded with cash on hand from AXA.
At the Effective Time, unless otherwise agreed between AXA and the holder of an equity award, each outstanding performance unit was deemed to have achieved the target level of performance and each outstanding restricted share unit, restricted cash unit and performance unit award, each in respect of Company Shares, vested in full and was canceled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, without interest. At the Effective Time, unless otherwise agreed between AXA and the holder of an equity award, each outstanding option to purchase a Company Share (a Company Stock Option), whether vested or unvested, was canceled and converted into the right to receive a lump-sum amount in cash, without interest, equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the Merger Consideration, over (ii) the per-share exercise price of such Company Stock Option. Payments with respect to the foregoing equity awards will be made by the Company, as the surviving corporation of the Merger, in accordance with the Merger Agreement.
Company Stock Option
), whether vested or unvested, was canceled and converted into the right to receive a lump-sum amount in cash, without interest, equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the Merger Consideration, over (ii) the per-share exercise price of such Company Stock Option. Payments with respect to the foregoing equity awards will be made by the Company, as the surviving corporation of the Merger, in accordance with the Merger Agreement.
A copy of the Merger Agreement is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2018 and is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.01. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement.
Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.
